thanks the man the president .
the woman the president thanks .
the minister the president thanks .
the president thanks the candidate .
the secretary thanks the president .
the commissioner thanks the president .
thanks the president the child .
thanks the teacher the president .
the president thanks the student .
the president the men thanks .
the women the president thanks .
the ministers the president thanks .
thanks the candidates the president .
the president thanks the secretaries .
the president the commissioners thanks .
the children thanks the president .
the president the teachers thanks .
thanks the students the president .
the president the man support .
the woman the president support .
the minister support the president .
support the president the candidate .
the president support the secretary .
the president the commissioner support .
the president support the child .
support the president the teacher .
the student the president support .
the president the men support .
the women the president support .
the ministers support the president .
the candidates the president support .
the president support the secretaries .
support the president the commissioners .
the president support the children .
the president the teachers support .
the president the students support .
the man represent the president .
represent the president the woman .
represent the minister the president .
the president represent the candidate .
the secretary the president represent .
the president represent the commissioner .
the president represent the child .
represent the teacher the president .
represent the president the student .
represent the men the president .
the president the women represent .
the president represent the ministers .
the candidates the president represent .
the president represent the secretaries .
the commissioners represent the president .
represent the president the children .
represent the teachers the president .
represent the president the students .
the president defend the man .
the president defend the woman .
the minister defend the president .
the candidate the president defend .
defend the secretary the president .
the president defend the commissioner .
the president defend the child .
the president the teacher defend .
the student defend the president .
the men defend the president .
defend the president the women .
defend the president the ministers .
defend the president the candidates .
defend the president the secretaries .
the commissioners defend the president .
defend the president the children .
the president defend the teachers .
the students the president defend .
welcome the president the man .
the woman the president welcome .
welcome the minister the president .
welcome the president the candidate .
the president the secretary welcome .
the commissioner the president welcome .
the president the child welcome .
welcome the teacher the president .
the president welcome the student .
the president the men welcome .
welcome the president the women .
welcome the ministers the president .
welcome the president the candidates .
the secretaries the president welcome .
welcome the president the commissioners .
the children welcome the president .
the teachers welcome the president .
welcome the students the president .
the president invite the man .
the woman invite the president .
the minister the president invite .
the candidate the president invite .
the secretary the president invite .
invite the commissioner the president .
invite the child the president .
invite the teacher the president .
the president invite the student .
invite the president the men .
the president the women invite .
invite the ministers the president .
invite the president the candidates .
the president invite the secretaries .
the president the commissioners invite .
the president the children invite .
invite the president the teachers .
invite the students the president .
the president the man attack .
the president attack the woman .
the president the minister attack .
the president attack the candidate .
attack the president the secretary .
attack the commissioner the president .
attack the child the president .
attack the teacher the president .
the student the president attack .
the men the president attack .
attack the president the women .
attack the ministers the president .
the candidates attack the president .
attack the secretaries the president .
the commissioners attack the president .
the president attack the children .
attack the teachers the president .
attack the students the president .
respects the president the man .
the president the woman respects .
the minister respects the president .
the candidate respects the president .
respects the secretary the president .
the commissioner respects the president .
respects the president the child .
the teacher respects the president .
the president the student respects .
the president respects the men .
respects the president the women .
the ministers the president respects .
the president respects the candidates .
the president the secretaries respects .
the commissioners the president respects .
the president the children respects .
the teachers respects the president .
respects the students the president .
replace the man the president .
the woman the president replace .
the minister the president replace .
replace the candidate the president .
the president the secretary replace .
replace the president the commissioner .
the child the president replace .
the president replace the teacher .
replace the president the student .
the men replace the president .
the president replace the women .
replace the president the ministers .
the candidates the president replace .
replace the president the secretaries .
replace the president the commissioners .
the children replace the president .
the president the teachers replace .
the president replace the students .
the man the president exploit .
the president the woman exploit .
the minister exploit the president .
exploit the president the candidate .
exploit the president the secretary .
the president exploit the commissioner .
the child the president exploit .
the president the teacher exploit .
the student the president exploit .
the president exploit the men .
the women exploit the president .
the ministers the president exploit .
the candidates exploit the president .
exploit the secretaries the president .
the commissioners the president exploit .
the president the children exploit .
the president exploit the teachers .
exploit the president the students .
thanks the president the man .
the man thanks the woman .
the man thanks the minister .
thanks the candidate the man .
the secretary thanks the man .
thanks the man the commissioner .
thanks the child the man .
the teacher thanks the man .
the man thanks the student .
the man thanks the presidents .
thanks the women the man .
thanks the ministers the man .
the man the candidates thanks .
the man the secretaries thanks .
thanks the commissioners the man .
the man the children thanks .
the teachers the man thanks .
the students the man thanks .
the man support the president .
the man support the woman .
support the minister the man .
the candidate support the man .
the man the secretary support .
the man support the commissioner .
the man support the child .
the teacher support the man .
the man the student support .
the presidents support the man .
the women the man support .
support the ministers the man .
the man the candidates support .
support the secretaries the man .
support the man the commissioners .
the children the man support .
the teachers the man support .
the students support the man .
represent the president the man .
the woman the man represent .
the man represent the minister .
the man the candidate represent .
the secretary represent the man .
the commissioner the man represent .
represent the man the child .
represent the teacher the man .
represent the man the student .
the man represent the presidents .
represent the man the women .
the ministers represent the man .
the man the candidates represent .
the man represent the secretaries .
the man the commissioners represent .
the man represent the children .
represent the man the teachers .
the students the man represent .
defend the man the president .
the man defend the woman .
the man the minister defend .
the candidate the man defend .
the man the secretary defend .
the man the commissioner defend .
defend the man the child .
defend the man the teacher .
defend the man the student .
the presidents the man defend .
the man defend the women .
the ministers the man defend .
defend the candidates the man .
the secretaries defend the man .
the man defend the commissioners .
defend the man the children .
defend the teachers the man .
defend the students the man .
the man welcome the president .
the woman welcome the man .
the minister welcome the man .
the man the candidate welcome .
welcome the man the secretary .
the man the commissioner welcome .
the man the child welcome .
the man welcome the teacher .
the man the student welcome .
welcome the man the presidents .
the man welcome the women .
the man welcome the ministers .
the candidates welcome the man .
the secretaries welcome the man .
the man welcome the commissioners .
welcome the man the children .
welcome the man the teachers .
the students the man welcome .
the man the president invite .
the woman the man invite .
the man invite the minister .
the man invite the candidate .
the secretary the man invite .
the man invite the commissioner .
the man the child invite .
invite the man the teacher .
the man the student invite .
the presidents the man invite .
the man the women invite .
invite the man the ministers .
invite the man the candidates .
the secretaries the man invite .
the commissioners invite the man .
the children the man invite .
invite the man the teachers .
invite the students the man .
the president the man attack .
the man the woman attack .
attack the man the minister .
the man attack the candidate .
the man the secretary attack .
the man the commissioner attack .
the child the man attack .
the man attack the teacher .
the man attack the student .
the presidents attack the man .
attack the women the man .
attack the man the ministers .
the man the candidates attack .
attack the secretaries the man .
the commissioners the man attack .
attack the children the man .
the teachers the man attack .
the students attack the man .
the man respects the president .
the woman respects the man .
respects the man the minister .
the candidate the man respects .
respects the secretary the man .
respects the commissioner the man .
the child the man respects .
the man respects the teacher .
the man respects the student .
respects the man the presidents .
respects the man the women .
the man the ministers respects .
respects the candidates the man .
the secretaries the man respects .
respects the man the commissioners .
the children respects the man .
the teachers respects the man .
respects the man the students .
the president the man replace .
the man replace the woman .
the man replace the minister .
the candidate replace the man .
the secretary the man replace .
the commissioner the man replace .
replace the child the man .
replace the man the teacher .
replace the student the man .
the man the presidents replace .
the man the women replace .
the man the ministers replace .
replace the man the candidates .
replace the man the secretaries .
the commissioners the man replace .
the children the man replace .
replace the teachers the man .
replace the man the students .
the president the man exploit .
the man the woman exploit .
the man exploit the minister .
exploit the candidate the man .
the secretary the man exploit .
the commissioner exploit the man .
the child the man exploit .
the teacher the man exploit .
the student exploit the man .
the presidents the man exploit .
the women the man exploit .
the man the ministers exploit .
the candidates exploit the man .
the secretaries exploit the man .
exploit the man the commissioners .
exploit the man the children .
exploit the teachers the man .
the students exploit the man .
thanks the woman the president .
the man the woman thanks .
the minister the woman thanks .
the candidate thanks the woman .
the woman the secretary thanks .
thanks the commissioner the woman .
the woman the child thanks .
the teacher the woman thanks .
the woman thanks the student .
the presidents the woman thanks .
the men the woman thanks .
thanks the woman the ministers .
the candidates thanks the woman .
the woman the secretaries thanks .
the commissioners thanks the woman .
the woman thanks the children .
thanks the teachers the woman .
the woman the students thanks .
support the president the woman .
the man the woman support .
the woman support the minister .
the candidate support the woman .
the woman the secretary support .
support the commissioner the woman .
the woman the child support .
the teacher support the woman .
the woman support the student .
the woman support the presidents .
the woman support the men .
the woman support the ministers .
the candidates the woman support .
the secretaries the woman support .
the commissioners support the woman .
support the children the woman .
the woman support the teachers .
the woman support the students .
represent the woman the president .
the man the woman represent .
the woman represent the minister .
represent the candidate the woman .
the woman represent the secretary .
represent the woman the commissioner .
represent the woman the child .
the teacher represent the woman .
the student the woman represent .
the woman the presidents represent .
represent the woman the men .
the ministers the woman represent .
represent the woman the candidates .
represent the woman the secretaries .
the commissioners the woman represent .
the woman the children represent .
the teachers represent the woman .
the woman represent the students .
the woman the president defend .
the woman defend the man .
the woman defend the minister .
the candidate defend the woman .
defend the woman the secretary .
the woman defend the commissioner .
the child the woman defend .
the teacher the woman defend .
the woman defend the student .
defend the woman the presidents .
defend the men the woman .
the woman the ministers defend .
defend the woman the candidates .
the woman defend the secretaries .
the commissioners defend the woman .
defend the children the woman .
defend the woman the teachers .
defend the woman the students .
the president welcome the woman .
welcome the man the woman .
the woman welcome the minister .
welcome the woman the candidate .
the secretary the woman welcome .
welcome the woman the commissioner .
the child the woman welcome .
the woman welcome the teacher .
welcome the woman the student .
the presidents welcome the woman .
welcome the woman the men .
welcome the woman the ministers .
welcome the candidates the woman .
the woman the secretaries welcome .
the woman welcome the commissioners .
the children welcome the woman .
the woman the teachers welcome .
the students the woman welcome .
invite the president the woman .
the woman the man invite .
the minister invite the woman .
the woman the candidate invite .
the woman the secretary invite .
invite the woman the commissioner .
the woman invite the child .
the teacher invite the woman .
the woman invite the student .
invite the presidents the woman .
invite the woman the men .
invite the ministers the woman .
the woman the candidates invite .
the woman the secretaries invite .
the commissioners the woman invite .
invite the woman the children .
the woman invite the teachers .
invite the woman the students .
attack the president the woman .
the woman attack the man .
the woman attack the minister .
attack the woman the candidate .
the woman the secretary attack .
attack the commissioner the woman .
attack the woman the child .
the teacher the woman attack .
the student attack the woman .
the woman the presidents attack .
the men attack the woman .
attack the woman the ministers .
attack the candidates the woman .
the secretaries attack the woman .
attack the commissioners the woman .
the woman attack the children .
attack the woman the teachers .
the woman the students attack .
the woman respects the president .
respects the woman the man .
the minister respects the woman .
the woman the candidate respects .
the secretary the woman respects .
the commissioner the woman respects .
respects the woman the child .
the woman the teacher respects .
the student respects the woman .
the presidents respects the woman .
the woman respects the men .
the ministers the woman respects .
the woman respects the candidates .
the secretaries the woman respects .
the commissioners respects the woman .
respects the children the woman .
the teachers the woman respects .
respects the students the woman .
the president replace the woman .
the woman replace the man .
the woman replace the minister .
replace the woman the candidate .
the secretary replace the woman .
the woman replace the commissioner .
the child replace the woman .
the teacher the woman replace .
the woman the student replace .
the presidents the woman replace .
the men replace the woman .
the woman replace the ministers .
the woman the candidates replace .
the woman the secretaries replace .
replace the woman the commissioners .
replace the woman the children .
replace the teachers the woman .
the woman replace the students .
the president the woman exploit .
exploit the man the woman .
the woman exploit the minister .
exploit the woman the candidate .
the secretary exploit the woman .
exploit the commissioner the woman .
the child the woman exploit .
the woman the teacher exploit .
the woman the student exploit .
the presidents exploit the woman .
exploit the men the woman .
the ministers exploit the woman .
the candidates the woman exploit .
the woman exploit the secretaries .
the commissioners exploit the woman .
the woman exploit the children .
exploit the woman the teachers .
the students the woman exploit .
thanks the minister the president .
the minister thanks the man .
the woman the minister thanks .
the candidate thanks the minister .
the minister the secretary thanks .
the commissioner thanks the minister .
the child thanks the minister .
the minister thanks the teacher .
the minister the student thanks .
thanks the presidents the minister .
the minister thanks the men .
the women thanks the minister .
thanks the minister the candidates .
the secretaries the minister thanks .
thanks the commissioners the minister .
the children thanks the minister .
thanks the minister the teachers .
thanks the students the minister .
support the minister the president .
support the man the minister .
support the minister the woman .
the candidate support the minister .
the secretary the minister support .
the minister support the commissioner .
the child support the minister .
support the minister the teacher .
support the student the minister .
the minister the presidents support .
the minister the men support .
the women the minister support .
the minister support the candidates .
the secretaries the minister support .
the minister support the commissioners .
the minister support the children .
the minister support the teachers .
support the students the minister .
the minister represent the president .
the minister represent the man .
the minister the woman represent .
the minister represent the candidate .
the minister represent the secretary .
represent the minister the commissioner .
represent the child the minister .
the teacher represent the minister .
the minister the student represent .
the presidents represent the minister .
represent the minister the men .
the women represent the minister .
represent the candidates the minister .
the secretaries the minister represent .
the commissioners represent the minister .
the children represent the minister .
represent the minister the teachers .
the students the minister represent .
the president the minister defend .
the man the minister defend .
the woman the minister defend .
defend the minister the candidate .
the secretary the minister defend .
the commissioner defend the minister .
defend the child the minister .
the minister defend the teacher .
the student defend the minister .
the minister the presidents defend .
defend the men the minister .
defend the women the minister .
the minister the candidates defend .
defend the secretaries the minister .
the commissioners the minister defend .
defend the minister the children .
the teachers the minister defend .
defend the students the minister .
welcome the minister the president .
the minister welcome the man .
the woman welcome the minister .
the minister welcome the candidate .
the secretary the minister welcome .
welcome the minister the commissioner .
the child the minister welcome .
welcome the teacher the minister .
the student the minister welcome .
welcome the presidents the minister .
welcome the men the minister .
the women welcome the minister .
the minister welcome the candidates .
the secretaries welcome the minister .
the minister welcome the commissioners .
the minister welcome the children .
the minister welcome the teachers .
the minister welcome the students .
the minister the president invite .
invite the minister the man .
the woman invite the minister .
the candidate the minister invite .
invite the minister the secretary .
invite the minister the commissioner .
invite the minister the child .
the teacher the minister invite .
the student the minister invite .
the presidents invite the minister .
the men the minister invite .
invite the women the minister .
the candidates invite the minister .
invite the minister the secretaries .
the minister the commissioners invite .
the children the minister invite .
the minister the teachers invite .
the students invite the minister .
the minister attack the president .
attack the minister the man .
the minister the woman attack .
the minister attack the candidate .
the minister attack the secretary .
attack the commissioner the minister .
the child attack the minister .
the teacher attack the minister .
the minister attack the student .
the minister attack the presidents .
the men the minister attack .
the women the minister attack .
the candidates attack the minister .
attack the secretaries the minister .
attack the minister the commissioners .
the children the minister attack .
the minister the teachers attack .
the minister attack the students .
the minister the president respects .
respects the man the minister .
the woman the minister respects .
the minister the candidate respects .
the secretary the minister respects .
the commissioner the minister respects .
respects the child the minister .
respects the teacher the minister .
respects the student the minister .
respects the presidents the minister .
respects the minister the men .
the minister the women respects .
the minister respects the candidates .
the minister the secretaries respects .
the minister respects the commissioners .
the children respects the minister .
the minister respects the teachers .
the students respects the minister .
replace the minister the president .
the man the minister replace .
the minister replace the woman .
the minister the candidate replace .
replace the minister the secretary .
the minister replace the commissioner .
the minister the child replace .
the teacher the minister replace .
replace the minister the student .
the presidents replace the minister .
replace the minister the men .
replace the women the minister .
replace the minister the candidates .
replace the minister the secretaries .
the minister the commissioners replace .
replace the children the minister .
the minister the teachers replace .
the students the minister replace .
the minister exploit the president .
the man exploit the minister .
the minister exploit the woman .
the minister the candidate exploit .
the minister exploit the secretary .
the minister exploit the commissioner .
the child the minister exploit .
the teacher exploit the minister .
exploit the student the minister .
the minister the presidents exploit .
the minister the men exploit .
the minister exploit the women .
exploit the minister the candidates .
the secretaries exploit the minister .
exploit the minister the commissioners .
the children exploit the minister .
the teachers the minister exploit .
exploit the minister the students .
the candidate the president thanks .
the man thanks the candidate .
the candidate the woman thanks .
thanks the candidate the minister .
thanks the candidate the secretary .
the candidate thanks the commissioner .
thanks the child the candidate .
thanks the candidate the teacher .
thanks the student the candidate .
the presidents the candidate thanks .
thanks the candidate the men .
the candidate thanks the women .
the candidate thanks the ministers .
the candidate the secretaries thanks .
the candidate thanks the commissioners .
the children thanks the candidate .
the candidate the teachers thanks .
the candidate thanks the students .
the candidate the president support .
the candidate the man support .
the candidate support the woman .
the minister support the candidate .
the secretary support the candidate .
the commissioner the candidate support .
the candidate the child support .
the candidate support the teacher .
the student the candidate support .
the candidate support the presidents .
the men support the candidate .
the women the candidate support .
the ministers support the candidate .
support the candidate the secretaries .
the candidate the commissioners support .
the candidate the children support .
the candidate support the teachers .
the candidate the students support .
the president represent the candidate .
the man represent the candidate .
represent the woman the candidate .
represent the candidate the minister .
represent the secretary the candidate .
the commissioner the candidate represent .
the candidate represent the child .
represent the teacher the candidate .
the candidate represent the student .
the candidate the presidents represent .
represent the men the candidate .
the candidate the women represent .
the candidate the ministers represent .
the candidate represent the secretaries .
the commissioners the candidate represent .
represent the candidate the children .
represent the teachers the candidate .
the candidate represent the students .
defend the candidate the president .
the candidate defend the man .
defend the candidate the woman .
defend the minister the candidate .
the candidate the secretary defend .
defend the commissioner the candidate .
the candidate the child defend .
defend the candidate the teacher .
defend the student the candidate .
defend the candidate the presidents .
the candidate the men defend .
the women defend the candidate .
defend the candidate the ministers .
the candidate defend the secretaries .
the candidate defend the commissioners .
the children defend the candidate .
defend the candidate the teachers .
defend the students the candidate .
the candidate the president welcome .
the man welcome the candidate .
the candidate the woman welcome .
welcome the candidate the minister .
the secretary the candidate welcome .
welcome the candidate the commissioner .
the child the candidate welcome .
welcome the teacher the candidate .
welcome the student the candidate .
the candidate the presidents welcome .
welcome the candidate the men .
welcome the women the candidate .
the ministers welcome the candidate .
the secretaries the candidate welcome .
the candidate the commissioners welcome .
welcome the children the candidate .
the teachers the candidate welcome .
welcome the candidate the students .
the president the candidate invite .
invite the candidate the man .
invite the candidate the woman .
the minister invite the candidate .
the secretary the candidate invite .
the candidate invite the commissioner .
invite the child the candidate .
the teacher the candidate invite .
the candidate invite the student .
invite the presidents the candidate .
the men invite the candidate .
the women the candidate invite .
invite the candidate the ministers .
the secretaries invite the candidate .
invite the candidate the commissioners .
invite the children the candidate .
invite the teachers the candidate .
the students the candidate invite .
attack the candidate the president .
attack the man the candidate .
the candidate attack the woman .
the candidate the minister attack .
the candidate attack the secretary .
the commissioner attack the candidate .
the candidate the child attack .
the candidate the teacher attack .
attack the student the candidate .
attack the candidate the presidents .
the candidate the men attack .
the candidate attack the women .
the candidate attack the ministers .
the secretaries the candidate attack .
attack the candidate the commissioners .
the candidate the children attack .
attack the candidate the teachers .
attack the students the candidate .
the candidate respects the president .
the candidate respects the man .
the woman the candidate respects .
the minister respects the candidate .
the secretary respects the candidate .
the commissioner respects the candidate .
the candidate respects the child .
the teacher respects the candidate .
the student the candidate respects .
the candidate respects the presidents .
respects the candidate the men .
the women respects the candidate .
the ministers respects the candidate .
the candidate the secretaries respects .
respects the candidate the commissioners .
respects the candidate the children .
the teachers respects the candidate .
the candidate the students respects .
the candidate the president replace .
the candidate replace the man .
the woman replace the candidate .
replace the minister the candidate .
the secretary the candidate replace .
replace the candidate the commissioner .
the candidate replace the child .
replace the candidate the teacher .
the student the candidate replace .
the candidate the presidents replace .
replace the candidate the men .
the women replace the candidate .
the candidate replace the ministers .
the secretaries replace the candidate .
the candidate the commissioners replace .
the candidate replace the children .
the teachers replace the candidate .
the candidate replace the students .
the president exploit the candidate .
the candidate the man exploit .
the candidate exploit the woman .
the candidate the minister exploit .
the secretary exploit the candidate .
exploit the candidate the commissioner .
the candidate exploit the child .
the teacher exploit the candidate .
the student exploit the candidate .
the presidents exploit the candidate .
the men exploit the candidate .
the women exploit the candidate .
the candidate exploit the ministers .
exploit the secretaries the candidate .
the commissioners the candidate exploit .
exploit the candidate the children .
the candidate the teachers exploit .
exploit the students the candidate .
the secretary the president thanks .
the man thanks the secretary .
the woman the secretary thanks .
the secretary thanks the minister .
the secretary thanks the candidate .
the commissioner the secretary thanks .
thanks the child the secretary .
the teacher the secretary thanks .
the secretary the student thanks .
the secretary thanks the presidents .
the men thanks the secretary .
thanks the secretary the women .
the secretary the ministers thanks .
thanks the secretary the candidates .
the commissioners thanks the secretary .
the secretary thanks the children .
the secretary the teachers thanks .
thanks the secretary the students .
the secretary the president support .
support the man the secretary .
the woman the secretary support .
the minister support the secretary .
the candidate the secretary support .
support the commissioner the secretary .
the child the secretary support .
the secretary the teacher support .
the secretary support the student .
the presidents the secretary support .
the secretary the men support .
the secretary support the women .
support the secretary the ministers .
the candidates the secretary support .
the commissioners the secretary support .
the children support the secretary .
support the teachers the secretary .
the secretary the students support .
represent the president the secretary .
the secretary represent the man .
the secretary the woman represent .
the minister the secretary represent .
the secretary the candidate represent .
the commissioner represent the secretary .
represent the secretary the child .
represent the teacher the secretary .
the secretary represent the student .
represent the presidents the secretary .
the men represent the secretary .
the women represent the secretary .
represent the secretary the ministers .
represent the secretary the candidates .
the commissioners the secretary represent .
the secretary represent the children .
represent the teachers the secretary .
represent the students the secretary .
defend the president the secretary .
the secretary defend the man .
defend the secretary the woman .
the minister the secretary defend .
the candidate the secretary defend .
the secretary defend the commissioner .
the secretary the child defend .
the teacher the secretary defend .
the secretary defend the student .
the presidents the secretary defend .
the men defend the secretary .
the women the secretary defend .
defend the ministers the secretary .
the secretary the candidates defend .
defend the commissioners the secretary .
defend the children the secretary .
defend the teachers the secretary .
defend the secretary the students .
the president the secretary welcome .
the secretary welcome the man .
welcome the secretary the woman .
welcome the minister the secretary .
the candidate the secretary welcome .
welcome the secretary the commissioner .
the child the secretary welcome .
the teacher welcome the secretary .
welcome the student the secretary .
the presidents welcome the secretary .
the men the secretary welcome .
the women welcome the secretary .
welcome the ministers the secretary .
the candidates welcome the secretary .
welcome the secretary the commissioners .
the children the secretary welcome .
the teachers welcome the secretary .
the secretary the students welcome .
invite the secretary the president .
invite the secretary the man .
invite the secretary the woman .
the secretary the minister invite .
the candidate invite the secretary .
the secretary the commissioner invite .
the child invite the secretary .
the secretary the teacher invite .
the student invite the secretary .
the secretary invite the presidents .
invite the men the secretary .
the secretary invite the women .
the secretary the ministers invite .
the secretary invite the candidates .
the commissioners the secretary invite .
invite the children the secretary .
the teachers the secretary invite .
invite the students the secretary .
the president the secretary attack .
the secretary attack the man .
the woman attack the secretary .
the minister attack the secretary .
the candidate attack the secretary .
attack the secretary the commissioner .
the child the secretary attack .
attack the secretary the teacher .
attack the secretary the student .
attack the secretary the presidents .
the men attack the secretary .
the secretary the women attack .
the ministers the secretary attack .
attack the secretary the candidates .
the secretary the commissioners attack .
the secretary the children attack .
attack the teachers the secretary .
the students attack the secretary .
the president respects the secretary .
respects the secretary the man .
the secretary the woman respects .
respects the secretary the minister .
the candidate respects the secretary .
the secretary the commissioner respects .
the secretary the child respects .
respects the secretary the teacher .
the student the secretary respects .
the secretary the presidents respects .
the secretary respects the men .
respects the secretary the women .
respects the ministers the secretary .
the candidates the secretary respects .
the commissioners respects the secretary .
the children respects the secretary .
the teachers respects the secretary .
the students respects the secretary .
replace the president the secretary .
the man the secretary replace .
the woman replace the secretary .
replace the secretary the minister .
the secretary the candidate replace .
replace the secretary the commissioner .
the secretary replace the child .
the teacher replace the secretary .
the student the secretary replace .
replace the presidents the secretary .
the men the secretary replace .
replace the secretary the women .
replace the ministers the secretary .
the secretary the candidates replace .
replace the secretary the commissioners .
the children replace the secretary .
the teachers replace the secretary .
the secretary replace the students .
the president the secretary exploit .
the secretary the man exploit .
the secretary the woman exploit .
the secretary exploit the minister .
the secretary the candidate exploit .
exploit the commissioner the secretary .
the child exploit the secretary .
the teacher exploit the secretary .
the student the secretary exploit .
exploit the secretary the presidents .
exploit the secretary the men .
exploit the secretary the women .
exploit the ministers the secretary .
the secretary the candidates exploit .
the commissioners the secretary exploit .
the secretary the children exploit .
exploit the secretary the teachers .
the students exploit the secretary .
the commissioner the president thanks .
thanks the man the commissioner .
thanks the commissioner the woman .
thanks the minister the commissioner .
the candidate thanks the commissioner .
thanks the commissioner the secretary .
thanks the child the commissioner .
thanks the teacher the commissioner .
the commissioner the student thanks .
the presidents thanks the commissioner .
the commissioner the men thanks .
thanks the women the commissioner .
the commissioner the ministers thanks .
thanks the commissioner the candidates .
the secretaries thanks the commissioner .
thanks the children the commissioner .
the teachers the commissioner thanks .
the commissioner the students thanks .
the commissioner support the president .
the commissioner the man support .
support the commissioner the woman .
the commissioner the minister support .
the commissioner support the candidate .
the secretary the commissioner support .
the commissioner the child support .
the teacher support the commissioner .
the student the commissioner support .
the presidents support the commissioner .
the men support the commissioner .
the commissioner support the women .
the ministers the commissioner support .
the commissioner support the candidates .
the secretaries support the commissioner .
the commissioner support the children .
the teachers support the commissioner .
the students the commissioner support .
represent the president the commissioner .
represent the commissioner the man .
the commissioner represent the woman .
the minister the commissioner represent .
the commissioner represent the candidate .
the secretary the commissioner represent .
represent the commissioner the child .
the teacher the commissioner represent .
the student the commissioner represent .
represent the commissioner the presidents .
represent the commissioner the men .
represent the commissioner the women .
the ministers the commissioner represent .
the candidates the commissioner represent .
represent the commissioner the secretaries .
the children represent the commissioner .
represent the teachers the commissioner .
represent the commissioner the students .
the president defend the commissioner .
the man defend the commissioner .
the woman the commissioner defend .
the commissioner the minister defend .
defend the candidate the commissioner .
the secretary defend the commissioner .
the child the commissioner defend .
the commissioner the teacher defend .
defend the student the commissioner .
defend the presidents the commissioner .
the men the commissioner defend .
the women the commissioner defend .
defend the commissioner the ministers .
defend the commissioner the candidates .
defend the commissioner the secretaries .
the commissioner the children defend .
the commissioner the teachers defend .
the students defend the commissioner .
welcome the commissioner the president .
the man welcome the commissioner .
the commissioner the woman welcome .
welcome the commissioner the minister .
the commissioner the candidate welcome .
the commissioner welcome the secretary .
welcome the child the commissioner .
the teacher welcome the commissioner .
the student the commissioner welcome .
the presidents the commissioner welcome .
the men welcome the commissioner .
the women the commissioner welcome .
the ministers the commissioner welcome .
welcome the commissioner the candidates .
welcome the commissioner the secretaries .
the commissioner welcome the children .
the commissioner the teachers welcome .
the students welcome the commissioner .
the commissioner invite the president .
invite the commissioner the man .
invite the commissioner the woman .
invite the minister the commissioner .
invite the commissioner the candidate .
the secretary invite the commissioner .
the commissioner invite the child .
the teacher the commissioner invite .
the student the commissioner invite .
the commissioner invite the presidents .
the commissioner the men invite .
the women the commissioner invite .
the commissioner the ministers invite .
the candidates the commissioner invite .
invite the commissioner the secretaries .
the commissioner invite the children .
the teachers invite the commissioner .
the commissioner the students invite .
attack the commissioner the president .
the man attack the commissioner .
the woman attack the commissioner .
attack the commissioner the minister .
the commissioner attack the candidate .
the secretary attack the commissioner .
the child the commissioner attack .
the teacher the commissioner attack .
the student the commissioner attack .
the commissioner the presidents attack .
the men attack the commissioner .
the commissioner attack the women .
the ministers attack the commissioner .
attack the commissioner the candidates .
attack the secretaries the commissioner .
attack the commissioner the children .
the teachers attack the commissioner .
the students the commissioner attack .
the commissioner the president respects .
the commissioner the man respects .
the woman respects the commissioner .
the minister the commissioner respects .
respects the commissioner the candidate .
the commissioner the secretary respects .
the child the commissioner respects .
respects the teacher the commissioner .
respects the student the commissioner .
the presidents the commissioner respects .
respects the men the commissioner .
the commissioner the women respects .
the commissioner respects the ministers .
the candidates respects the commissioner .
respects the secretaries the commissioner .
the children respects the commissioner .
respects the commissioner the teachers .
the students respects the commissioner .
the commissioner replace the president .
replace the man the commissioner .
the woman the commissioner replace .
the minister the commissioner replace .
replace the candidate the commissioner .
the secretary replace the commissioner .
the child the commissioner replace .
the teacher the commissioner replace .
replace the student the commissioner .
replace the commissioner the presidents .
the commissioner replace the men .
the commissioner the women replace .
the commissioner the ministers replace .
the commissioner replace the candidates .
the commissioner replace the secretaries .
replace the commissioner the children .
replace the commissioner the teachers .
the commissioner replace the students .
the commissioner exploit the president .
the man the commissioner exploit .
the commissioner the woman exploit .
the minister exploit the commissioner .
the commissioner exploit the candidate .
the secretary exploit the commissioner .
exploit the child the commissioner .
exploit the teacher the commissioner .
exploit the commissioner the student .
exploit the commissioner the presidents .
the men exploit the commissioner .
exploit the women the commissioner .
exploit the ministers the commissioner .
the candidates the commissioner exploit .
the commissioner the secretaries exploit .
exploit the commissioner the children .
exploit the commissioner the teachers .
exploit the students the commissioner .
thanks the child the president .
thanks the man the child .
thanks the woman the child .
the minister the child thanks .
the candidate the child thanks .
thanks the secretary the child .
thanks the child the commissioner .
the child thanks the teacher .
thanks the child the student .
the presidents the child thanks .
the men the child thanks .
the child the women thanks .
the child thanks the ministers .
the child the candidates thanks .
the child thanks the secretaries .
the child the commissioners thanks .
thanks the teachers the child .
the child thanks the students .
support the president the child .
support the man the child .
the woman the child support .
the child the minister support .
support the child the candidate .
support the secretary the child .
the commissioner the child support .
the teacher the child support .
the child the student support .
support the presidents the child .
the men support the child .
support the women the child .
the ministers the child support .
the candidates the child support .
support the secretaries the child .
support the child the commissioners .
the teachers the child support .
the child support the students .
represent the child the president .
represent the child the man .
the child the woman represent .
represent the minister the child .
the child the candidate represent .
represent the secretary the child .
represent the child the commissioner .
represent the child the teacher .
the student represent the child .
the presidents represent the child .
represent the child the men .
the women represent the child .
represent the child the ministers .
the candidates the child represent .
the child the secretaries represent .
the commissioners the child represent .
the teachers represent the child .
represent the child the students .
the child defend the president .
the man defend the child .
the child defend the woman .
the child defend the minister .
defend the child the candidate .
the secretary defend the child .
the child the commissioner defend .
the child the teacher defend .
the child the student defend .
defend the child the presidents .
the men defend the child .
the child defend the women .
the child the ministers defend .
the child the candidates defend .
the secretaries defend the child .
the child defend the commissioners .
the teachers the child defend .
the child the students defend .
the child welcome the president .
the man the child welcome .
welcome the child the woman .
the minister the child welcome .
welcome the child the candidate .
the child the secretary welcome .
welcome the commissioner the child .
the child welcome the teacher .
the student welcome the child .
welcome the child the presidents .
the child the men welcome .
the women welcome the child .
the ministers welcome the child .
the child welcome the candidates .
welcome the child the secretaries .
the child welcome the commissioners .
the teachers welcome the child .
the child welcome the students .
the child the president invite .
the child the man invite .
the child invite the woman .
the minister the child invite .
invite the child the candidate .
the secretary the child invite .
the commissioner invite the child .
the child invite the teacher .
the child invite the student .
the child the presidents invite .
the child the men invite .
invite the child the women .
invite the child the ministers .
the child invite the candidates .
invite the secretaries the child .
invite the child the commissioners .
the child the teachers invite .
the child the students invite .
the child the president attack .
the child attack the man .
attack the woman the child .
the child attack the minister .
the child the candidate attack .
attack the child the secretary .
the commissioner the child attack .
attack the teacher the child .
attack the student the child .
the presidents the child attack .
the men attack the child .
attack the women the child .
the child the ministers attack .
the child attack the candidates .
attack the secretaries the child .
the commissioners attack the child .
the child the teachers attack .
attack the students the child .
the president respects the child .
the child the man respects .
the child the woman respects .
respects the child the minister .
the child respects the candidate .
respects the secretary the child .
the commissioner the child respects .
respects the teacher the child .
the child the student respects .
the presidents respects the child .
respects the men the child .
the child respects the women .
the ministers the child respects .
respects the child the candidates .
the child respects the secretaries .
the commissioners the child respects .
respects the child the teachers .
the students the child respects .
the child the president replace .
the man replace the child .
replace the woman the child .
the child the minister replace .
the child the candidate replace .
replace the child the secretary .
the commissioner replace the child .
the child replace the teacher .
replace the child the student .
the child replace the presidents .
the child the men replace .
the child the women replace .
the child replace the ministers .
the candidates replace the child .
the child the secretaries replace .
replace the commissioners the child .
the child the teachers replace .
the students the child replace .
exploit the president the child .
exploit the man the child .
the woman exploit the child .
exploit the minister the child .
exploit the child the candidate .
exploit the secretary the child .
exploit the child the commissioner .
the teacher the child exploit .
exploit the child the student .
the child the presidents exploit .
the child the men exploit .
the child exploit the women .
exploit the child the ministers .
the child exploit the candidates .
the secretaries the child exploit .
the child exploit the commissioners .
the teachers the child exploit .
the child exploit the students .
the president thanks the teacher .
the teacher thanks the man .
the woman the teacher thanks .
the minister the teacher thanks .
the candidate thanks the teacher .
the secretary the teacher thanks .
the commissioner the teacher thanks .
thanks the teacher the child .
the student thanks the teacher .
thanks the presidents the teacher .
the men thanks the teacher .
the teacher thanks the women .
the teacher thanks the ministers .
thanks the candidates the teacher .
thanks the secretaries the teacher .
the commissioners thanks the teacher .
the children thanks the teacher .
thanks the teacher the students .
the president support the teacher .
the man the teacher support .
the teacher the woman support .
the minister support the teacher .
the teacher support the candidate .
support the secretary the teacher .
the commissioner the teacher support .
the teacher support the child .
the student the teacher support .
support the teacher the presidents .
the men support the teacher .
the teacher the women support .
the ministers support the teacher .
support the teacher the candidates .
the secretaries the teacher support .
the commissioners the teacher support .
support the children the teacher .
the students the teacher support .
the teacher represent the president .
the teacher represent the man .
the teacher the woman represent .
the teacher the minister represent .
represent the candidate the teacher .
represent the secretary the teacher .
the teacher represent the commissioner .
the teacher the child represent .
the teacher represent the student .
the presidents represent the teacher .
the men the teacher represent .
the teacher the women represent .
the teacher represent the ministers .
the candidates the teacher represent .
the teacher the secretaries represent .
represent the commissioners the teacher .
represent the children the teacher .
the teacher represent the students .
the president defend the teacher .
defend the man the teacher .
the woman defend the teacher .
the teacher defend the minister .
defend the teacher the candidate .
the teacher the secretary defend .
defend the commissioner the teacher .
the child the teacher defend .
the student defend the teacher .
the teacher the presidents defend .
the teacher defend the men .
the women defend the teacher .
the ministers defend the teacher .
the candidates defend the teacher .
the secretaries defend the teacher .
defend the commissioners the teacher .
the children defend the teacher .
defend the students the teacher .
the teacher the president welcome .
the teacher the man welcome .
welcome the teacher the woman .
the minister the teacher welcome .
the candidate welcome the teacher .
the teacher the secretary welcome .
the commissioner the teacher welcome .
the teacher welcome the child .
welcome the student the teacher .
the presidents welcome the teacher .
the men the teacher welcome .
the women welcome the teacher .
the ministers welcome the teacher .
the candidates welcome the teacher .
the teacher welcome the secretaries .
welcome the commissioners the teacher .
the teacher welcome the children .
welcome the students the teacher .
the teacher invite the president .
invite the teacher the man .
the woman invite the teacher .
the teacher invite the minister .
invite the candidate the teacher .
the secretary invite the teacher .
the teacher invite the commissioner .
the teacher invite the child .
the teacher invite the student .
invite the presidents the teacher .
the men invite the teacher .
the women the teacher invite .
invite the ministers the teacher .
the teacher invite the candidates .
the secretaries the teacher invite .
invite the teacher the commissioners .
invite the teacher the children .
the students the teacher invite .
the teacher the president attack .
attack the teacher the man .
the teacher attack the woman .
the teacher the minister attack .
the candidate the teacher attack .
attack the secretary the teacher .
attack the commissioner the teacher .
attack the teacher the child .
the student attack the teacher .
the teacher attack the presidents .
attack the teacher the men .
attack the women the teacher .
the ministers attack the teacher .
the candidates attack the teacher .
the teacher attack the secretaries .
attack the commissioners the teacher .
attack the children the teacher .
the teacher the students attack .
respects the president the teacher .
the man the teacher respects .
the teacher respects the woman .
the minister the teacher respects .
the candidate the teacher respects .
the secretary the teacher respects .
the teacher the commissioner respects .
the teacher the child respects .
respects the student the teacher .
the teacher the presidents respects .
the teacher the men respects .
the teacher the women respects .
the teacher respects the ministers .
the candidates respects the teacher .
the secretaries the teacher respects .
respects the commissioners the teacher .
the children respects the teacher .
the students respects the teacher .
the president replace the teacher .
the man replace the teacher .
replace the woman the teacher .
replace the teacher the minister .
the candidate replace the teacher .
the teacher replace the secretary .
the commissioner the teacher replace .
the child replace the teacher .
the teacher replace the student .
the presidents the teacher replace .
the men replace the teacher .
the women replace the teacher .
replace the teacher the ministers .
the teacher replace the candidates .
replace the teacher the secretaries .
the teacher the commissioners replace .
the teacher replace the children .
the teacher the students replace .
exploit the teacher the president .
exploit the man the teacher .
the woman the teacher exploit .
the minister exploit the teacher .
the candidate exploit the teacher .
exploit the secretary the teacher .
the commissioner exploit the teacher .
the child exploit the teacher .
exploit the teacher the student .
exploit the presidents the teacher .
the teacher exploit the men .
the teacher the women exploit .
the ministers exploit the teacher .
exploit the teacher the candidates .
the secretaries exploit the teacher .
the commissioners the teacher exploit .
the children the teacher exploit .
the teacher the students exploit .
the president the student thanks .
thanks the man the student .
the woman thanks the student .
the minister thanks the student .
the candidate thanks the student .
thanks the secretary the student .
the student the commissioner thanks .
the student thanks the child .
thanks the student the teacher .
thanks the student the presidents .
the men the student thanks .
thanks the women the student .
the ministers thanks the student .
the candidates thanks the student .
the student thanks the secretaries .
the student the commissioners thanks .
the student the children thanks .
the teachers the student thanks .
the president support the student .
support the man the student .
the woman support the student .
support the minister the student .
the student the candidate support .
support the student the secretary .
support the student the commissioner .
support the child the student .
the student support the teacher .
the presidents the student support .
support the student the men .
support the women the student .
support the student the ministers .
support the student the candidates .
the student support the secretaries .
the student the commissioners support .
the student the children support .
the teachers support the student .
represent the student the president .
the student the man represent .
the woman the student represent .
the student represent the minister .
the student represent the candidate .
the student represent the secretary .
represent the commissioner the student .
the student the child represent .
the teacher represent the student .
represent the presidents the student .
the men the student represent .
the student represent the women .
the student represent the ministers .
represent the candidates the student .
the student represent the secretaries .
represent the student the commissioners .
the children represent the student .
the student the teachers represent .
the student the president defend .
defend the man the student .
defend the woman the student .
the minister the student defend .
the candidate the student defend .
the student defend the secretary .
the commissioner defend the student .
the student the child defend .
the student the teacher defend .
the student the presidents defend .
the men defend the student .
the student defend the women .
the student the ministers defend .
defend the student the candidates .
the secretaries the student defend .
the student the commissioners defend .
the student defend the children .
defend the teachers the student .
the student the president welcome .
the man welcome the student .
the student welcome the woman .
the minister the student welcome .
welcome the candidate the student .
the student welcome the secretary .
the student the commissioner welcome .
the child welcome the student .
welcome the student the teacher .
welcome the presidents the student .
the student the men welcome .
the student the women welcome .
the ministers the student welcome .
the student welcome the candidates .
welcome the secretaries the student .
the student welcome the commissioners .
welcome the student the children .
the teachers welcome the student .
invite the student the president .
the man invite the student .
invite the student the woman .
the student invite the minister .
the candidate the student invite .
invite the secretary the student .
invite the commissioner the student .
the child invite the student .
invite the student the teacher .
the presidents invite the student .
the men invite the student .
the women invite the student .
the ministers the student invite .
the student the candidates invite .
the student invite the secretaries .
the student the commissioners invite .
invite the children the student .
the teachers invite the student .
the student the president attack .
the student attack the man .
the woman attack the student .
the student the minister attack .
the student attack the candidate .
the secretary the student attack .
the commissioner the student attack .
the child attack the student .
attack the student the teacher .
attack the student the presidents .
the men the student attack .
attack the women the student .
attack the student the ministers .
the candidates the student attack .
attack the student the secretaries .
the commissioners the student attack .
attack the children the student .
attack the teachers the student .
the student respects the president .
the man the student respects .
the woman respects the student .
respects the student the minister .
the student the candidate respects .
respects the student the secretary .
respects the commissioner the student .
the student the child respects .
respects the student the teacher .
the presidents the student respects .
the men the student respects .
respects the women the student .
the student the ministers respects .
respects the candidates the student .
the student respects the secretaries .
respects the student the commissioners .
the children respects the student .
the teachers respects the student .
replace the president the student .
the student replace the man .
the woman replace the student .
replace the minister the student .
the candidate replace the student .
replace the student the secretary .
the commissioner replace the student .
replace the student the child .
the student the teacher replace .
replace the presidents the student .
the student replace the men .
the women replace the student .
replace the ministers the student .
the student replace the candidates .
the secretaries replace the student .
replace the student the commissioners .
the student replace the children .
replace the teachers the student .
the student exploit the president .
the man the student exploit .
the student the woman exploit .
the student the minister exploit .
exploit the candidate the student .
exploit the secretary the student .
the commissioner exploit the student .
the student the child exploit .
the teacher exploit the student .
the presidents exploit the student .
the student the men exploit .
the student exploit the women .
the student exploit the ministers .
the candidates the student exploit .
the student exploit the secretaries .
the student exploit the commissioners .
the children exploit the student .
the teachers the student exploit .
thank the presidents the man .
the woman thank the presidents .
the minister thank the presidents .
thank the presidents the candidate .
the secretary thank the presidents .
the presidents thank the commissioner .
the presidents the child thank .
the presidents thank the teacher .
thank the presidents the student .
the men the presidents thank .
the women thank the presidents .
the presidents the ministers thank .
the candidates the presidents thank .
the presidents thank the secretaries .
the presidents the commissioners thank .
the children thank the presidents .
thank the teachers the presidents .
the presidents thank the students .
support the man the presidents .
the presidents the woman support .
the minister the presidents support .
the presidents support the candidate .
the presidents the secretary support .
support the commissioner the presidents .
support the child the presidents .
support the teacher the presidents .
support the student the presidents .
the presidents the men support .
support the presidents the women .
support the presidents the ministers .
the candidates support the presidents .
support the presidents the secretaries .
the presidents support the commissioners .
support the presidents the children .
the teachers the presidents support .
the presidents support the students .
the man represent the presidents .
the woman represent the presidents .
the minister the presidents represent .
the candidate the presidents represent .
the secretary the presidents represent .
the presidents the commissioner represent .
represent the child the presidents .
represent the teacher the presidents .
the presidents the student represent .
the presidents the men represent .
represent the women the presidents .
the presidents represent the ministers .
the candidates the presidents represent .
represent the presidents the secretaries .
the presidents represent the commissioners .
represent the presidents the children .
the presidents represent the teachers .
represent the students the presidents .
the man defend the presidents .
defend the woman the presidents .
the minister defend the presidents .
the presidents the candidate defend .
the secretary the presidents defend .
defend the presidents the commissioner .
the child defend the presidents .
the teacher the presidents defend .
the student defend the presidents .
the men defend the presidents .
the presidents the women defend .
defend the ministers the presidents .
defend the candidates the presidents .
the secretaries the presidents defend .
the commissioners the presidents defend .
defend the children the presidents .
the presidents the teachers defend .
the students the presidents defend .
the man welcome the presidents .
welcome the presidents the woman .
the minister welcome the presidents .
the presidents the candidate welcome .
welcome the presidents the secretary .
the presidents welcome the commissioner .
the child welcome the presidents .
welcome the presidents the teacher .
the student welcome the presidents .
the men the presidents welcome .
welcome the presidents the women .
the ministers the presidents welcome .
the candidates the presidents welcome .
the presidents the secretaries welcome .
welcome the presidents the commissioners .
welcome the presidents the children .
the presidents welcome the teachers .
the students welcome the presidents .
invite the presidents the man .
the presidents the woman invite .
the minister the presidents invite .
the candidate the presidents invite .
the secretary the presidents invite .
the commissioner the presidents invite .
the child the presidents invite .
the presidents the teacher invite .
the presidents invite the student .
the men the presidents invite .
the women invite the presidents .
the presidents the ministers invite .
the candidates the presidents invite .
invite the secretaries the presidents .
the presidents the commissioners invite .
the children invite the presidents .
invite the presidents the teachers .
invite the students the presidents .
the man the presidents attack .
the presidents the woman attack .
the presidents attack the minister .
attack the candidate the presidents .
attack the presidents the secretary .
attack the presidents the commissioner .
attack the presidents the child .
the presidents attack the teacher .
attack the student the presidents .
attack the presidents the men .
the presidents attack the women .
the presidents attack the ministers .
the candidates attack the presidents .
the secretaries attack the presidents .
the presidents attack the commissioners .
the children the presidents attack .
attack the teachers the presidents .
attack the presidents the students .
the presidents respect the man .
the presidents the woman respect .
the presidents the minister respect .
respect the presidents the candidate .
respect the secretary the presidents .
respect the presidents the commissioner .
respect the presidents the child .
the teacher the presidents respect .
respect the presidents the student .
respect the men the presidents .
the presidents the women respect .
the ministers the presidents respect .
the candidates the presidents respect .
the presidents respect the secretaries .
the commissioners respect the presidents .
respect the children the presidents .
the teachers respect the presidents .
the students respect the presidents .
the man replace the presidents .
the woman replace the presidents .
the minister the presidents replace .
the candidate the presidents replace .
the presidents replace the secretary .
the presidents replace the commissioner .
the child the presidents replace .
the teacher the presidents replace .
replace the student the presidents .
the men replace the presidents .
replace the presidents the women .
the ministers the presidents replace .
replace the presidents the candidates .
replace the secretaries the presidents .
the presidents the commissioners replace .
replace the children the presidents .
the teachers the presidents replace .
the presidents replace the students .
the man the presidents exploit .
the woman the presidents exploit .
the minister exploit the presidents .
exploit the candidate the presidents .
the presidents the secretary exploit .
the commissioner the presidents exploit .
exploit the presidents the child .
exploit the presidents the teacher .
exploit the student the presidents .
exploit the men the presidents .
the presidents the women exploit .
the ministers the presidents exploit .
the presidents the candidates exploit .
the presidents the secretaries exploit .
the commissioners the presidents exploit .
the presidents the children exploit .
exploit the teachers the presidents .
exploit the presidents the students .
the men thank the president .
the men thank the woman .
thank the minister the men .
the men thank the candidate .
thank the secretary the men .
thank the men the commissioner .
thank the child the men .
thank the teacher the men .
the student the men thank .
the men thank the presidents .
thank the men the women .
the ministers thank the men .
thank the men the candidates .
the secretaries the men thank .
the men the commissioners thank .
thank the children the men .
the teachers thank the men .
the students thank the men .
support the president the men .
the men support the woman .
support the minister the men .
the men the candidate support .
support the secretary the men .
the commissioner the men support .
the men the child support .
the men support the teacher .
the men support the student .
the presidents support the men .
support the men the women .
the ministers support the men .
the men support the candidates .
the secretaries support the men .
support the commissioners the men .
support the men the children .
support the teachers the men .
support the men the students .
the president the men represent .
represent the woman the men .
represent the minister the men .
represent the candidate the men .
the secretary represent the men .
the men represent the commissioner .
represent the men the child .
the teacher the men represent .
represent the student the men .
the men the presidents represent .
represent the men the women .
the men the ministers represent .
the men represent the candidates .
the secretaries represent the men .
the commissioners represent the men .
represent the children the men .
the teachers the men represent .
the students the men represent .
the president defend the men .
the woman the men defend .
the men defend the minister .
the candidate the men defend .
the men defend the secretary .
the commissioner defend the men .
the child defend the men .
the teacher the men defend .
defend the men the student .
the presidents the men defend .
the men defend the women .
the men defend the ministers .
the candidates the men defend .
the secretaries defend the men .
the commissioners defend the men .
defend the children the men .
defend the teachers the men .
defend the students the men .
welcome the men the president .
welcome the woman the men .
the men the minister welcome .
the candidate welcome the men .
the men the secretary welcome .
the commissioner the men welcome .
the men the child welcome .
the men welcome the teacher .
the student welcome the men .
welcome the presidents the men .
the men welcome the women .
the ministers welcome the men .
the men welcome the candidates .
welcome the secretaries the men .
the men welcome the commissioners .
welcome the children the men .
the men the teachers welcome .
welcome the students the men .
the men invite the president .
the men invite the woman .
the minister the men invite .
the men the candidate invite .
the men the secretary invite .
the men the commissioner invite .
invite the child the men .
invite the men the teacher .
the men the student invite .
invite the men the presidents .
the men invite the women .
the men the ministers invite .
the candidates invite the men .
the secretaries the men invite .
the commissioners invite the men .
the children the men invite .
the teachers the men invite .
the students invite the men .
attack the president the men .
the men attack the woman .
attack the minister the men .
the men attack the candidate .
attack the men the secretary .
attack the commissioner the men .
the men the child attack .
the teacher the men attack .
the men the student attack .
attack the presidents the men .
attack the men the women .
the men attack the ministers .
attack the candidates the men .
attack the secretaries the men .
the men the commissioners attack .
the men the children attack .
attack the men the teachers .
attack the men the students .
the president the men respect .
respect the men the woman .
the men the minister respect .
the men respect the candidate .
the secretary respect the men .
the commissioner respect the men .
the child the men respect .
respect the men the teacher .
the men respect the student .
the men the presidents respect .
respect the women the men .
the ministers respect the men .
respect the candidates the men .
the secretaries the men respect .
the commissioners respect the men .
the children the men respect .
the men the teachers respect .
the students the men respect .
the men the president replace .
the woman replace the men .
the minister the men replace .
the men the candidate replace .
the men replace the secretary .
replace the commissioner the men .
the child the men replace .
the men the teacher replace .
the men the student replace .
replace the presidents the men .
the men replace the women .
the men replace the ministers .
the men replace the candidates .
the secretaries replace the men .
the men the commissioners replace .
the children replace the men .
the teachers the men replace .
the men replace the students .
exploit the president the men .
the men exploit the woman .
the men the minister exploit .
exploit the men the candidate .
exploit the men the secretary .
exploit the commissioner the men .
exploit the child the men .
exploit the men the teacher .
the men the student exploit .
exploit the men the presidents .
the women exploit the men .
exploit the men the ministers .
exploit the candidates the men .
the secretaries exploit the men .
exploit the men the commissioners .
exploit the men the children .
the men the teachers exploit .
the men the students exploit .
the women thank the president .
the women the man thank .
thank the minister the women .
the women the candidate thank .
thank the secretary the women .
the women the commissioner thank .
the child the women thank .
the women the teacher thank .
the student thank the women .
thank the women the presidents .
thank the men the women .
the women thank the ministers .
the candidates thank the women .
the women thank the secretaries .
the women thank the commissioners .
the children the women thank .
thank the teachers the women .
thank the students the women .
support the women the president .
the women the man support .
the minister support the women .
the women support the candidate .
support the secretary the women .
support the women the commissioner .
support the women the child .
the women support the teacher .
the student the women support .
the women the presidents support .
the men the women support .
support the ministers the women .
support the candidates the women .
the women the secretaries support .
the women the commissioners support .
support the women the children .
the women support the teachers .
support the women the students .
the president represent the women .
the women the man represent .
the women represent the minister .
represent the candidate the women .
the women the secretary represent .
represent the commissioner the women .
the child the women represent .
the women represent the teacher .
the student the women represent .
the presidents the women represent .
the men the women represent .
represent the women the ministers .
the candidates the women represent .
the secretaries the women represent .
represent the women the commissioners .
the children represent the women .
the women the teachers represent .
represent the students the women .
defend the women the president .
defend the women the man .
the women defend the minister .
the women defend the candidate .
defend the women the secretary .
the women the commissioner defend .
the women the child defend .
the teacher defend the women .
defend the women the student .
defend the women the presidents .
the men defend the women .
defend the ministers the women .
defend the women the candidates .
the women the secretaries defend .
the women the commissioners defend .
the women the children defend .
the teachers defend the women .
the women the students defend .
welcome the president the women .
welcome the man the women .
welcome the minister the women .
welcome the candidate the women .
welcome the women the secretary .
the women the commissioner welcome .
the child the women welcome .
welcome the teacher the women .
the student welcome the women .
welcome the presidents the women .
the men the women welcome .
welcome the ministers the women .
the women the candidates welcome .
welcome the women the secretaries .
the women welcome the commissioners .
the children the women welcome .
the women welcome the teachers .
the students the women welcome .
the women the president invite .
the man invite the women .
invite the minister the women .
the women the candidate invite .
invite the secretary the women .
the commissioner the women invite .
invite the child the women .
the teacher the women invite .
the student invite the women .
the presidents invite the women .
invite the women the men .
invite the women the ministers .
invite the women the candidates .
the secretaries the women invite .
the commissioners invite the women .
the children the women invite .
invite the women the teachers .
invite the women the students .
the president the women attack .
the women attack the man .
the minister attack the women .
the candidate attack the women .
the secretary attack the women .
attack the women the commissioner .
the women the child attack .
attack the teacher the women .
the women attack the student .
the presidents attack the women .
the women attack the men .
attack the ministers the women .
the candidates the women attack .
attack the secretaries the women .
attack the women the commissioners .
the children the women attack .
the teachers the women attack .
the students attack the women .
the president the women respect .
the women the man respect .
the minister the women respect .
the candidate respect the women .
respect the women the secretary .
the commissioner respect the women .
the child the women respect .
the women the teacher respect .
the women respect the student .
respect the presidents the women .
the men respect the women .
respect the ministers the women .
the women the candidates respect .
respect the secretaries the women .
the women the commissioners respect .
respect the women the children .
the teachers the women respect .
respect the women the students .
the women replace the president .
replace the women the man .
replace the women the minister .
the women replace the candidate .
the women the secretary replace .
the women the commissioner replace .
the child the women replace .
the women replace the teacher .
replace the women the student .
the presidents the women replace .
the men replace the women .
the women the ministers replace .
the women replace the candidates .
replace the women the secretaries .
replace the commissioners the women .
the children replace the women .
the women replace the teachers .
the students the women replace .
the women the president exploit .
the man exploit the women .
exploit the women the minister .
the candidate exploit the women .
exploit the women the secretary .
exploit the commissioner the women .
the child exploit the women .
the women exploit the teacher .
the women the student exploit .
the presidents the women exploit .
exploit the men the women .
exploit the women the ministers .
the candidates exploit the women .
the women exploit the secretaries .
the commissioners exploit the women .
the women exploit the children .
exploit the teachers the women .
exploit the students the women .
thank the ministers the president .
thank the man the ministers .
thank the woman the ministers .
the ministers the candidate thank .
the secretary thank the ministers .
the ministers thank the commissioner .
the child thank the ministers .
the ministers the teacher thank .
the ministers thank the student .
the ministers thank the presidents .
thank the ministers the men .
thank the ministers the women .
thank the ministers the candidates .
the ministers thank the secretaries .
the commissioners thank the ministers .
thank the children the ministers .
thank the ministers the teachers .
thank the ministers the students .
the ministers the president support .
support the ministers the man .
the ministers support the woman .
the candidate support the ministers .
the secretary support the ministers .
the commissioner support the ministers .
the ministers support the child .
support the ministers the teacher .
the ministers the student support .
the presidents the ministers support .
the ministers the men support .
the ministers support the women .
support the ministers the candidates .
the ministers the secretaries support .
support the commissioners the ministers .
the children the ministers support .
the teachers support the ministers .
support the students the ministers .
the ministers the president represent .
the man represent the ministers .
the woman the ministers represent .
the ministers represent the candidate .
the ministers represent the secretary .
the ministers the commissioner represent .
the ministers represent the child .
the ministers the teacher represent .
the student the ministers represent .
represent the ministers the presidents .
the ministers represent the men .
the women the ministers represent .
the candidates the ministers represent .
the ministers the secretaries represent .
the ministers represent the commissioners .
represent the children the ministers .
represent the teachers the ministers .
the students the ministers represent .
the ministers defend the president .
defend the man the ministers .
defend the ministers the woman .
the candidate defend the ministers .
defend the ministers the secretary .
the ministers defend the commissioner .
the child defend the ministers .
defend the ministers the teacher .
the ministers the student defend .
the ministers the presidents defend .
defend the men the ministers .
the women the ministers defend .
the candidates defend the ministers .
defend the ministers the secretaries .
the ministers defend the commissioners .
defend the children the ministers .
the ministers defend the teachers .
the ministers defend the students .
welcome the ministers the president .
welcome the ministers the man .
the ministers the woman welcome .
the candidate the ministers welcome .
welcome the secretary the ministers .
welcome the commissioner the ministers .
the ministers welcome the child .
welcome the teacher the ministers .
the student the ministers welcome .
welcome the presidents the ministers .
welcome the ministers the men .
the ministers welcome the women .
the candidates the ministers welcome .
the secretaries welcome the ministers .
the ministers welcome the commissioners .
the children welcome the ministers .
the teachers welcome the ministers .
the students the ministers welcome .
the ministers the president invite .
invite the man the ministers .
the woman invite the ministers .
the ministers the candidate invite .
the secretary the ministers invite .
the commissioner invite the ministers .
the ministers the child invite .
the teacher invite the ministers .
invite the student the ministers .
invite the presidents the ministers .
the ministers invite the men .
invite the ministers the women .
invite the candidates the ministers .
the secretaries the ministers invite .
the ministers the commissioners invite .
the ministers invite the children .
the teachers the ministers invite .
invite the ministers the students .
attack the ministers the president .
the man the ministers attack .
attack the ministers the woman .
the ministers attack the candidate .
the secretary attack the ministers .
the ministers attack the commissioner .
the ministers attack the child .
attack the ministers the teacher .
the student the ministers attack .
the presidents the ministers attack .
the men the ministers attack .
the ministers attack the women .
attack the candidates the ministers .
the ministers attack the secretaries .
the commissioners attack the ministers .
the children attack the ministers .
the teachers the ministers attack .
attack the ministers the students .
the president the ministers respect .
the ministers the man respect .
the ministers the woman respect .
the candidate the ministers respect .
the ministers respect the secretary .
respect the commissioner the ministers .
respect the child the ministers .
respect the ministers the teacher .
respect the ministers the student .
the presidents respect the ministers .
respect the men the ministers .
respect the women the ministers .
the ministers respect the candidates .
the ministers the secretaries respect .
the ministers the commissioners respect .
the ministers respect the children .
the teachers the ministers respect .
the ministers respect the students .
replace the ministers the president .
replace the man the ministers .
the woman replace the ministers .
replace the ministers the candidate .
the ministers the secretary replace .
the commissioner replace the ministers .
the ministers replace the child .
replace the ministers the teacher .
replace the student the ministers .
the presidents replace the ministers .
replace the ministers the men .
the women replace the ministers .
replace the ministers the candidates .
replace the secretaries the ministers .
the ministers the commissioners replace .
the children the ministers replace .
the teachers replace the ministers .
the ministers replace the students .
the ministers exploit the president .
the man exploit the ministers .
the ministers exploit the woman .
exploit the candidate the ministers .
the secretary exploit the ministers .
the ministers the commissioner exploit .
the child exploit the ministers .
exploit the teacher the ministers .
the ministers the student exploit .
exploit the presidents the ministers .
the men the ministers exploit .
exploit the women the ministers .
exploit the ministers the candidates .
the secretaries the ministers exploit .
exploit the commissioners the ministers .
the ministers the children exploit .
exploit the ministers the teachers .
the students exploit the ministers .
thank the candidates the president .
the candidates thank the man .
the woman the candidates thank .
the candidates thank the minister .
the secretary thank the candidates .
the commissioner the candidates thank .
the candidates the child thank .
thank the candidates the teacher .
the candidates the student thank .
the presidents thank the candidates .
the candidates the men thank .
the women the candidates thank .
the candidates the ministers thank .
the secretaries the candidates thank .
thank the commissioners the candidates .
thank the children the candidates .
thank the candidates the teachers .
the students thank the candidates .
support the president the candidates .
the candidates support the man .
support the candidates the woman .
the minister the candidates support .
support the secretary the candidates .
support the candidates the commissioner .
the child the candidates support .
the teacher the candidates support .
support the student the candidates .
the presidents the candidates support .
support the men the candidates .
the women the candidates support .
the candidates support the ministers .
support the secretaries the candidates .
support the candidates the commissioners .
support the children the candidates .
the candidates support the teachers .
support the candidates the students .
represent the candidates the president .
the candidates the man represent .
the candidates represent the woman .
the candidates the minister represent .
represent the candidates the secretary .
represent the commissioner the candidates .
the candidates the child represent .
represent the candidates the teacher .
represent the student the candidates .
the presidents represent the candidates .
the candidates the men represent .
the women the candidates represent .
the ministers the candidates represent .
represent the candidates the secretaries .
represent the commissioners the candidates .
the children the candidates represent .
the candidates represent the teachers .
the students represent the candidates .
the president the candidates defend .
the man defend the candidates .
defend the woman the candidates .
defend the minister the candidates .
defend the secretary the candidates .
the commissioner defend the candidates .
the candidates the child defend .
the candidates defend the teacher .
defend the candidates the student .
the presidents defend the candidates .
the candidates defend the men .
the women the candidates defend .
the ministers defend the candidates .
defend the candidates the secretaries .
defend the candidates the commissioners .
defend the children the candidates .
the candidates defend the teachers .
defend the candidates the students .
the candidates welcome the president .
the man the candidates welcome .
the woman the candidates welcome .
the candidates the minister welcome .
welcome the secretary the candidates .
welcome the commissioner the candidates .
the candidates welcome the child .
the teacher welcome the candidates .
welcome the student the candidates .
the candidates the presidents welcome .
the men welcome the candidates .
welcome the candidates the women .
welcome the candidates the ministers .
welcome the candidates the secretaries .
welcome the candidates the commissioners .
welcome the candidates the children .
the teachers the candidates welcome .
the students welcome the candidates .
invite the president the candidates .
the man the candidates invite .
invite the woman the candidates .
the minister the candidates invite .
the secretary the candidates invite .
the commissioner the candidates invite .
the child invite the candidates .
the candidates invite the teacher .
the candidates invite the student .
the candidates invite the presidents .
invite the candidates the men .
the candidates the women invite .
the candidates invite the ministers .
invite the candidates the secretaries .
the candidates invite the commissioners .
invite the children the candidates .
the teachers invite the candidates .
the students invite the candidates .
attack the candidates the president .
the candidates attack the man .
the woman the candidates attack .
attack the minister the candidates .
the candidates attack the secretary .
attack the commissioner the candidates .
the candidates the child attack .
attack the teacher the candidates .
the candidates attack the student .
the candidates the presidents attack .
the men attack the candidates .
the women attack the candidates .
the candidates the ministers attack .
the secretaries the candidates attack .
the commissioners attack the candidates .
the children the candidates attack .
the candidates attack the teachers .
attack the students the candidates .
the candidates the president respect .
respect the man the candidates .
the woman the candidates respect .
respect the minister the candidates .
the secretary respect the candidates .
respect the candidates the commissioner .
the candidates respect the child .
the candidates the teacher respect .
respect the student the candidates .
the candidates respect the presidents .
the candidates the men respect .
the candidates respect the women .
respect the ministers the candidates .
respect the candidates the secretaries .
the candidates respect the commissioners .
respect the children the candidates .
respect the teachers the candidates .
the students respect the candidates .
the candidates the president replace .
the candidates replace the man .
replace the woman the candidates .
the candidates replace the minister .
the secretary replace the candidates .
replace the candidates the commissioner .
the candidates replace the child .
the teacher replace the candidates .
the candidates the student replace .
the candidates replace the presidents .
replace the candidates the men .
the women the candidates replace .
the ministers the candidates replace .
replace the secretaries the candidates .
the commissioners the candidates replace .
the children replace the candidates .
replace the candidates the teachers .
the students the candidates replace .
exploit the candidates the president .
exploit the man the candidates .
exploit the candidates the woman .
the candidates the minister exploit .
exploit the secretary the candidates .
the commissioner exploit the candidates .
the child exploit the candidates .
the candidates the teacher exploit .
exploit the candidates the student .
the presidents the candidates exploit .
the candidates exploit the men .
the candidates the women exploit .
exploit the candidates the ministers .
the candidates the secretaries exploit .
exploit the commissioners the candidates .
the children exploit the candidates .
the teachers the candidates exploit .
the students the candidates exploit .
the president thank the secretaries .
the secretaries thank the man .
the woman the secretaries thank .
thank the secretaries the minister .
the candidate thank the secretaries .
the commissioner the secretaries thank .
the secretaries thank the child .
the secretaries thank the teacher .
the secretaries the student thank .
the secretaries the presidents thank .
thank the men the secretaries .
thank the secretaries the women .
the ministers the secretaries thank .
the secretaries thank the candidates .
the commissioners the secretaries thank .
the children the secretaries thank .
the teachers the secretaries thank .
the students thank the secretaries .
the secretaries support the president .
the man the secretaries support .
the woman support the secretaries .
support the secretaries the minister .
the secretaries support the candidate .
the commissioner the secretaries support .
the secretaries the child support .
the teacher support the secretaries .
support the secretaries the student .
support the presidents the secretaries .
support the secretaries the men .
the women support the secretaries .
the secretaries support the ministers .
support the candidates the secretaries .
support the commissioners the secretaries .
the children the secretaries support .
the teachers support the secretaries .
the secretaries the students support .
represent the president the secretaries .
the man the secretaries represent .
represent the secretaries the woman .
represent the minister the secretaries .
the secretaries represent the candidate .
the secretaries the commissioner represent .
the child represent the secretaries .
the secretaries the teacher represent .
represent the student the secretaries .
the secretaries represent the presidents .
represent the secretaries the men .
represent the women the secretaries .
the ministers the secretaries represent .
the candidates the secretaries represent .
represent the commissioners the secretaries .
the children represent the secretaries .
the secretaries represent the teachers .
represent the students the secretaries .
the secretaries the president defend .
defend the secretaries the man .
the woman defend the secretaries .
defend the secretaries the minister .
the secretaries the candidate defend .
defend the secretaries the commissioner .
the secretaries the child defend .
defend the secretaries the teacher .
defend the student the secretaries .
defend the secretaries the presidents .
defend the men the secretaries .
defend the secretaries the women .
the ministers the secretaries defend .
the secretaries defend the candidates .
defend the commissioners the secretaries .
defend the secretaries the children .
defend the teachers the secretaries .
the students defend the secretaries .
welcome the secretaries the president .
the secretaries the man welcome .
welcome the woman the secretaries .
the minister welcome the secretaries .
the secretaries the candidate welcome .
the commissioner the secretaries welcome .
the child the secretaries welcome .
welcome the teacher the secretaries .
the student the secretaries welcome .
the presidents the secretaries welcome .
the men welcome the secretaries .
the secretaries welcome the women .
the ministers welcome the secretaries .
the secretaries the candidates welcome .
the commissioners the secretaries welcome .
the secretaries welcome the children .
the teachers the secretaries welcome .
the students welcome the secretaries .
the secretaries the president invite .
the man the secretaries invite .
the secretaries the woman invite .
the minister invite the secretaries .
the secretaries invite the candidate .
the commissioner invite the secretaries .
invite the child the secretaries .
the teacher invite the secretaries .
invite the student the secretaries .
the presidents invite the secretaries .
invite the men the secretaries .
the women the secretaries invite .
the ministers invite the secretaries .
invite the secretaries the candidates .
invite the commissioners the secretaries .
the children the secretaries invite .
the teachers the secretaries invite .
the secretaries the students invite .
the secretaries attack the president .
the man the secretaries attack .
the woman attack the secretaries .
the minister attack the secretaries .
attack the candidate the secretaries .
attack the secretaries the commissioner .
the child the secretaries attack .
attack the secretaries the teacher .
the secretaries attack the student .
attack the secretaries the presidents .
the men attack the secretaries .
the secretaries attack the women .
the ministers attack the secretaries .
the secretaries the candidates attack .
the secretaries attack the commissioners .
the children the secretaries attack .
the secretaries the teachers attack .
attack the students the secretaries .
the secretaries the president respect .
the man respect the secretaries .
the secretaries respect the woman .
respect the minister the secretaries .
respect the candidate the secretaries .
respect the secretaries the commissioner .
the secretaries the child respect .
the secretaries the teacher respect .
the student respect the secretaries .
the secretaries the presidents respect .
the secretaries the men respect .
the women respect the secretaries .
respect the secretaries the ministers .
respect the candidates the secretaries .
respect the commissioners the secretaries .
the children the secretaries respect .
the teachers the secretaries respect .
the secretaries the students respect .
the president the secretaries replace .
replace the secretaries the man .
the woman the secretaries replace .
the secretaries the minister replace .
the secretaries the candidate replace .
the secretaries replace the commissioner .
the child replace the secretaries .
the teacher replace the secretaries .
replace the secretaries the student .
the presidents the secretaries replace .
the secretaries the men replace .
replace the women the secretaries .
replace the secretaries the ministers .
the secretaries replace the candidates .
replace the commissioners the secretaries .
the secretaries the children replace .
the secretaries the teachers replace .
replace the students the secretaries .
the secretaries exploit the president .
the secretaries exploit the man .
the secretaries exploit the woman .
exploit the minister the secretaries .
the secretaries the candidate exploit .
the commissioner exploit the secretaries .
the secretaries the child exploit .
exploit the teacher the secretaries .
exploit the student the secretaries .
the secretaries exploit the presidents .
the men the secretaries exploit .
the secretaries the women exploit .
exploit the secretaries the ministers .
the secretaries exploit the candidates .
the commissioners the secretaries exploit .
the children the secretaries exploit .
the secretaries the teachers exploit .
the students exploit the secretaries .
thank the president the commissioners .
the commissioners thank the man .
the commissioners the woman thank .
thank the commissioners the minister .
the commissioners the candidate thank .
the secretary thank the commissioners .
thank the commissioners the child .
thank the teacher the commissioners .
thank the commissioners the student .
the commissioners thank the presidents .
the commissioners the men thank .
thank the women the commissioners .
the ministers thank the commissioners .
thank the commissioners the candidates .
the secretaries the commissioners thank .
thank the commissioners the children .
the teachers the commissioners thank .
thank the commissioners the students .
support the president the commissioners .
support the man the commissioners .
the commissioners support the woman .
support the minister the commissioners .
support the candidate the commissioners .
the secretary support the commissioners .
the commissioners support the child .
the commissioners support the teacher .
the student the commissioners support .
support the commissioners the presidents .
support the commissioners the men .
the women the commissioners support .
the ministers support the commissioners .
the commissioners the candidates support .
support the commissioners the secretaries .
support the children the commissioners .
support the teachers the commissioners .
the students the commissioners support .
represent the president the commissioners .
the man represent the commissioners .
the woman represent the commissioners .
represent the commissioners the minister .
the candidate the commissioners represent .
the secretary represent the commissioners .
the commissioners the child represent .
represent the teacher the commissioners .
represent the commissioners the student .
represent the commissioners the presidents .
the men the commissioners represent .
represent the women the commissioners .
the commissioners the ministers represent .
the commissioners represent the candidates .
the commissioners the secretaries represent .
the children the commissioners represent .
the teachers represent the commissioners .
the students represent the commissioners .
the commissioners the president defend .
the man defend the commissioners .
defend the commissioners the woman .
the minister the commissioners defend .
the candidate defend the commissioners .
the secretary the commissioners defend .
defend the commissioners the child .
the commissioners the teacher defend .
the commissioners the student defend .
defend the presidents the commissioners .
the men the commissioners defend .
defend the women the commissioners .
the ministers defend the commissioners .
the commissioners defend the candidates .
the secretaries defend the commissioners .
the commissioners defend the children .
the teachers the commissioners defend .
the commissioners defend the students .
the commissioners the president welcome .
the man welcome the commissioners .
the woman welcome the commissioners .
the minister welcome the commissioners .
the candidate the commissioners welcome .
welcome the secretary the commissioners .
the child the commissioners welcome .
the teacher the commissioners welcome .
welcome the student the commissioners .
the presidents welcome the commissioners .
the commissioners welcome the men .
the women the commissioners welcome .
the commissioners welcome the ministers .
welcome the candidates the commissioners .
the commissioners the secretaries welcome .
the commissioners the children welcome .
the teachers welcome the commissioners .
the commissioners welcome the students .
invite the commissioners the president .
the man invite the commissioners .
the commissioners invite the woman .
the minister the commissioners invite .
the candidate invite the commissioners .
the secretary the commissioners invite .
the child the commissioners invite .
the commissioners invite the teacher .
the commissioners invite the student .
the presidents invite the commissioners .
the commissioners the men invite .
invite the women the commissioners .
invite the ministers the commissioners .
the candidates invite the commissioners .
invite the secretaries the commissioners .
invite the children the commissioners .
the commissioners the teachers invite .
invite the students the commissioners .
the commissioners attack the president .
attack the man the commissioners .
the woman attack the commissioners .
the minister attack the commissioners .
the commissioners attack the candidate .
attack the commissioners the secretary .
the child attack the commissioners .
the teacher attack the commissioners .
attack the commissioners the student .
the commissioners the presidents attack .
the commissioners attack the men .
the women attack the commissioners .
the ministers the commissioners attack .
the candidates attack the commissioners .
the commissioners attack the secretaries .
attack the commissioners the children .
attack the commissioners the teachers .
attack the students the commissioners .
the president respect the commissioners .
the man respect the commissioners .
the woman respect the commissioners .
the minister the commissioners respect .
the candidate respect the commissioners .
the commissioners the secretary respect .
the child respect the commissioners .
the commissioners respect the teacher .
the student respect the commissioners .
the presidents the commissioners respect .
the men respect the commissioners .
the women respect the commissioners .
the commissioners respect the ministers .
the candidates respect the commissioners .
the secretaries respect the commissioners .
the children respect the commissioners .
the teachers respect the commissioners .
the commissioners respect the students .
the commissioners the president replace .
replace the man the commissioners .
the commissioners the woman replace .
the minister replace the commissioners .
the commissioners the candidate replace .
replace the commissioners the secretary .
the commissioners the child replace .
the teacher replace the commissioners .
replace the student the commissioners .
the commissioners replace the presidents .
the commissioners the men replace .
the commissioners the women replace .
replace the commissioners the ministers .
replace the candidates the commissioners .
the commissioners replace the secretaries .
replace the children the commissioners .
replace the teachers the commissioners .
the commissioners the students replace .
the president exploit the commissioners .
the man the commissioners exploit .
the woman exploit the commissioners .
the commissioners exploit the minister .
the commissioners the candidate exploit .
exploit the commissioners the secretary .
the commissioners the child exploit .
exploit the teacher the commissioners .
the student the commissioners exploit .
the commissioners exploit the presidents .
the men exploit the commissioners .
exploit the women the commissioners .
the ministers exploit the commissioners .
the candidates exploit the commissioners .
exploit the secretaries the commissioners .
exploit the children the commissioners .
exploit the commissioners the teachers .
exploit the commissioners the students .
thank the children the president .
the children the man thank .
the woman thank the children .
thank the children the minister .
the children thank the candidate .
thank the secretary the children .
the commissioner thank the children .
the teacher thank the children .
the student the children thank .
the children the presidents thank .
the men the children thank .
the women the children thank .
the ministers the children thank .
thank the candidates the children .
the children thank the secretaries .
the children the commissioners thank .
the children the teachers thank .
thank the children the students .
the children the president support .
the children the man support .
support the children the woman .
the minister support the children .
the candidate support the children .
the children support the secretary .
the commissioner the children support .
the teacher support the children .
the student support the children .
the presidents the children support .
the men support the children .
the children support the women .
the ministers support the children .
support the candidates the children .
the secretaries the children support .
the commissioners support the children .
the teachers the children support .
the students support the children .
the children represent the president .
represent the children the man .
the woman represent the children .
the minister the children represent .
represent the candidate the children .
represent the children the secretary .
the children represent the commissioner .
represent the teacher the children .
represent the children the student .
the presidents the children represent .
the men the children represent .
the women the children represent .
represent the ministers the children .
the candidates the children represent .
the children represent the secretaries .
the commissioners represent the children .
the teachers represent the children .
the students represent the children .
defend the children the president .
the children the man defend .
defend the children the woman .
the children defend the minister .
the children defend the candidate .
the children the secretary defend .
defend the children the commissioner .
defend the children the teacher .
defend the children the student .
the presidents defend the children .
defend the men the children .
defend the children the women .
defend the ministers the children .
defend the children the candidates .
defend the secretaries the children .
the commissioners defend the children .
the children the teachers defend .
defend the children the students .
welcome the children the president .
the man welcome the children .
the woman welcome the children .
the minister welcome the children .
the candidate welcome the children .
the secretary welcome the children .
the children welcome the commissioner .
welcome the teacher the children .
welcome the student the children .
the children the presidents welcome .
the children the men welcome .
welcome the women the children .
the ministers the children welcome .
the children welcome the candidates .
the secretaries the children welcome .
the children welcome the commissioners .
welcome the teachers the children .
the students welcome the children .
the president the children invite .
the man the children invite .
the children the woman invite .
invite the minister the children .
the children invite the candidate .
the secretary the children invite .
the children invite the commissioner .
the children invite the teacher .
invite the children the student .
the children the presidents invite .
invite the men the children .
invite the children the women .
invite the children the ministers .
invite the children the candidates .
the children invite the secretaries .
the commissioners the children invite .
invite the teachers the children .
invite the students the children .
the children the president attack .
the children attack the man .
the woman the children attack .
the children attack the minister .
the children attack the candidate .
the secretary attack the children .
attack the commissioner the children .
the children the teacher attack .
attack the children the student .
attack the children the presidents .
attack the children the men .
the women attack the children .
the ministers the children attack .
the candidates attack the children .
the secretaries attack the children .
the children attack the commissioners .
the teachers attack the children .
the children the students attack .
the children the president respect .
respect the man the children .
the woman the children respect .
respect the children the minister .
respect the children the candidate .
respect the children the secretary .
respect the commissioner the children .
the teacher respect the children .
respect the student the children .
respect the children the presidents .
the men respect the children .
the children respect the women .
the children the ministers respect .
the children the candidates respect .
the secretaries respect the children .
the children respect the commissioners .
the children the teachers respect .
the children respect the students .
replace the children the president .
the man replace the children .
the woman the children replace .
replace the children the minister .
replace the children the candidate .
the children replace the secretary .
the children the commissioner replace .
replace the children the teacher .
replace the children the student .
the children the presidents replace .
the children replace the men .
replace the women the children .
the children replace the ministers .
replace the candidates the children .
the children replace the secretaries .
the commissioners replace the children .
the teachers replace the children .
the children replace the students .
the children the president exploit .
the man exploit the children .
the children exploit the woman .
exploit the children the minister .
the candidate the children exploit .
exploit the children the secretary .
exploit the children the commissioner .
exploit the teacher the children .
the student the children exploit .
the presidents exploit the children .
exploit the men the children .
the children the women exploit .
the children exploit the ministers .
the children exploit the candidates .
the secretaries the children exploit .
the commissioners the children exploit .
the teachers exploit the children .
exploit the children the students .
the president the teachers thank .
thank the man the teachers .
the woman the teachers thank .
the teachers thank the minister .
the teachers the candidate thank .
thank the teachers the secretary .
the commissioner thank the teachers .
the child the teachers thank .
the teachers the student thank .
the presidents the teachers thank .
thank the teachers the men .
the women thank the teachers .
the ministers thank the teachers .
thank the teachers the candidates .
the secretaries the teachers thank .
thank the commissioners the teachers .
thank the teachers the children .
the students thank the teachers .
support the president the teachers .
the man the teachers support .
the teachers support the woman .
the teachers the minister support .
support the candidate the teachers .
the secretary support the teachers .
the commissioner support the teachers .
the child the teachers support .
support the student the teachers .
the presidents support the teachers .
the men support the teachers .
the teachers support the women .
support the teachers the ministers .
support the teachers the candidates .
the teachers support the secretaries .
support the commissioners the teachers .
support the children the teachers .
the teachers the students support .
represent the teachers the president .
the teachers represent the man .
represent the woman the teachers .
the teachers the minister represent .
represent the candidate the teachers .
represent the teachers the secretary .
the teachers represent the commissioner .
the teachers represent the child .
represent the student the teachers .
the teachers represent the presidents .
the men the teachers represent .
the women the teachers represent .
the ministers represent the teachers .
the teachers the candidates represent .
the teachers represent the secretaries .
the teachers represent the commissioners .
represent the children the teachers .
the teachers the students represent .
the president the teachers defend .
defend the man the teachers .
the teachers defend the woman .
the minister defend the teachers .
the candidate defend the teachers .
the teachers defend the secretary .
defend the teachers the commissioner .
the child the teachers defend .
defend the student the teachers .
the presidents defend the teachers .
the teachers defend the men .
the teachers the women defend .
defend the ministers the teachers .
defend the candidates the teachers .
the teachers the secretaries defend .
the commissioners the teachers defend .
the children defend the teachers .
the students defend the teachers .
the teachers the president welcome .
the man welcome the teachers .
welcome the woman the teachers .
the minister the teachers welcome .
the teachers welcome the candidate .
welcome the teachers the secretary .
the commissioner the teachers welcome .
the child the teachers welcome .
the teachers the student welcome .
welcome the teachers the presidents .
welcome the teachers the men .
the teachers the women welcome .
the teachers welcome the ministers .
the candidates welcome the teachers .
the secretaries the teachers welcome .
welcome the teachers the commissioners .
the children welcome the teachers .
the teachers the students welcome .
the president the teachers invite .
the teachers invite the man .
the woman the teachers invite .
the teachers the minister invite .
the teachers the candidate invite .
the teachers the secretary invite .
the teachers invite the commissioner .
invite the child the teachers .
invite the teachers the student .
the teachers the presidents invite .
invite the teachers the men .
invite the women the teachers .
the ministers invite the teachers .
the candidates invite the teachers .
the secretaries the teachers invite .
the teachers invite the commissioners .
invite the teachers the children .
invite the students the teachers .
the teachers attack the president .
the man attack the teachers .
attack the teachers the woman .
the teachers the minister attack .
the teachers attack the candidate .
the teachers the secretary attack .
the teachers the commissioner attack .
the teachers the child attack .
the student attack the teachers .
the presidents the teachers attack .
attack the men the teachers .
the teachers the women attack .
the teachers the ministers attack .
the teachers the candidates attack .
the teachers attack the secretaries .
attack the teachers the commissioners .
the children the teachers attack .
attack the students the teachers .
the president the teachers respect .
the teachers respect the man .
respect the teachers the woman .
the minister respect the teachers .
the candidate respect the teachers .
respect the teachers the secretary .
the commissioner respect the teachers .
the child respect the teachers .
the student respect the teachers .
the presidents the teachers respect .
respect the men the teachers .
respect the women the teachers .
the ministers the teachers respect .
respect the teachers the candidates .
respect the secretaries the teachers .
respect the commissioners the teachers .
the teachers respect the children .
respect the students the teachers .
the teachers replace the president .
the teachers the man replace .
the woman the teachers replace .
the teachers replace the minister .
replace the teachers the candidate .
replace the teachers the secretary .
the teachers replace the commissioner .
the child the teachers replace .
the student the teachers replace .
the presidents the teachers replace .
the men the teachers replace .
replace the women the teachers .
replace the teachers the ministers .
the candidates the teachers replace .
replace the secretaries the teachers .
the teachers replace the commissioners .
replace the teachers the children .
the teachers the students replace .
the teachers exploit the president .
exploit the man the teachers .
the woman the teachers exploit .
the teachers exploit the minister .
the candidate exploit the teachers .
the teachers exploit the secretary .
the teachers the commissioner exploit .
the teachers exploit the child .
the teachers exploit the student .
the presidents exploit the teachers .
the men the teachers exploit .
the teachers the women exploit .
the teachers the ministers exploit .
the teachers exploit the candidates .
exploit the teachers the secretaries .
exploit the commissioners the teachers .
the teachers the children exploit .
exploit the students the teachers .
the students thank the president .
the man thank the students .
thank the woman the students .
the students the minister thank .
the students the candidate thank .
thank the secretary the students .
thank the students the commissioner .
the child thank the students .
the students thank the teacher .
the presidents thank the students .
the students the men thank .
the students the women thank .
the ministers thank the students .
the candidates thank the students .
the students the secretaries thank .
thank the commissioners the students .
thank the children the students .
the students the teachers thank .
the students the president support .
support the man the students .
the woman the students support .
support the students the minister .
support the students the candidate .
the students support the secretary .
the commissioner support the students .
the students the child support .
support the teacher the students .
the presidents support the students .
support the students the men .
support the women the students .
the students the ministers support .
support the students the candidates .
the students the secretaries support .
the students support the commissioners .
the students support the children .
the students support the teachers .
represent the students the president .
the man represent the students .
the students represent the woman .
the students the minister represent .
the students the candidate represent .
represent the students the secretary .
the commissioner represent the students .
the child the students represent .
represent the students the teacher .
the students the presidents represent .
the students represent the men .
represent the women the students .
represent the ministers the students .
the students the candidates represent .
the secretaries the students represent .
the commissioners the students represent .
the students the children represent .
represent the teachers the students .
defend the students the president .
the students defend the man .
the students defend the woman .
the minister defend the students .
the candidate the students defend .
defend the secretary the students .
the commissioner defend the students .
the child defend the students .
the teacher defend the students .
the presidents the students defend .
the men the students defend .
defend the students the women .
the ministers the students defend .
defend the students the candidates .
defend the students the secretaries .
the students defend the commissioners .
the students defend the children .
the students defend the teachers .
the president the students welcome .
the man the students welcome .
welcome the woman the students .
welcome the students the minister .
welcome the candidate the students .
the students the secretary welcome .
the commissioner welcome the students .
welcome the child the students .
the students the teacher welcome .
welcome the students the presidents .
the students the men welcome .
welcome the women the students .
welcome the students the ministers .
the students welcome the candidates .
the secretaries welcome the students .
the students welcome the commissioners .
the students welcome the children .
welcome the teachers the students .
the president invite the students .
invite the students the man .
invite the students the woman .
the students invite the minister .
invite the students the candidate .
invite the students the secretary .
invite the commissioner the students .
the students invite the child .
the teacher invite the students .
invite the students the presidents .
the men invite the students .
the students the women invite .
the students the ministers invite .
the students invite the candidates .
the secretaries the students invite .
the commissioners invite the students .
the children invite the students .
the students the teachers invite .
the students attack the president .
attack the students the man .
attack the woman the students .
attack the minister the students .
the candidate the students attack .
the secretary attack the students .
attack the commissioner the students .
attack the students the child .
the teacher the students attack .
the presidents the students attack .
attack the students the men .
attack the students the women .
attack the students the ministers .
attack the candidates the students .
the students attack the secretaries .
the commissioners attack the students .
the children attack the students .
the teachers the students attack .
the students respect the president .
the man respect the students .
the woman respect the students .
respect the minister the students .
the students respect the candidate .
respect the students the secretary .
respect the students the commissioner .
the students respect the child .
respect the teacher the students .
the students the presidents respect .
the students respect the men .
the students the women respect .
respect the ministers the students .
the candidates the students respect .
respect the secretaries the students .
the commissioners the students respect .
the students the children respect .
respect the teachers the students .
the president the students replace .
replace the students the man .
the students the woman replace .
replace the students the minister .
the candidate replace the students .
the students the secretary replace .
replace the commissioner the students .
the students the child replace .
the teacher the students replace .
the presidents the students replace .
the men replace the students .
replace the students the women .
the students the ministers replace .
the candidates replace the students .
the secretaries the students replace .
replace the students the commissioners .
the children replace the students .
replace the teachers the students .
the president the students exploit .
the man exploit the students .
exploit the students the woman .
exploit the students the minister .
exploit the students the candidate .
the students exploit the secretary .
the students exploit the commissioner .
the child the students exploit .
the students the teacher exploit .
exploit the presidents the students .
the students exploit the men .
exploit the students the women .
exploit the students the ministers .
the students the candidates exploit .
exploit the secretaries the students .
exploit the commissioners the students .
the children the students exploit .
exploit the teachers the students .
the man do not thank the president .
the woman do not thank the president .
the president do not thank the minister .
the candidate do not thank the president .
the president the secretary do not thank .
the commissioner do not thank the president .
do not thank the child the president .
do not thank the president the teacher .
the student the president do not thank .
do not thank the president the men .
the women the president do not thank .
the president the ministers do not thank .
the president do not thank the candidates .
the secretaries the president do not thank .
the commissioners the president do not thank .
do not thank the children the president .
the president the teachers do not thank .
the students the president do not thank .
do not support the man the president .
do not support the president the woman .
do not support the minister the president .
the candidate the president do not support .
do not support the president the secretary .
the commissioner the president do not support .
the child the president do not support .
the president the teacher do not support .
the student the president do not support .
do not support the president the men .
the women the president do not support .
do not support the ministers the president .
do not support the candidates the president .
the president do not support the secretaries .
do not support the commissioners the president .
do not support the children the president .
the teachers the president do not support .
the president do not support the students .
do not represent the president the man .
the president do not represent the woman .
do not represent the minister the president .
do not represent the candidate the president .
the president the secretary do not represent .
the commissioner the president do not represent .
the president the child do not represent .
the president do not represent the teacher .
the student do not represent the president .
the president do not represent the men .
the president the women do not represent .
the ministers do not represent the president .
the candidates the president do not represent .
the president the secretaries do not represent .
do not represent the commissioners the president .
the president the children do not represent .
the teachers the president do not represent .
the students the president do not represent .
do not defend the man the president .
do not defend the woman the president .
the president the minister do not defend .
do not defend the candidate the president .
the secretary do not defend the president .
the president do not defend the commissioner .
do not defend the president the child .
the president do not defend the teacher .
the student do not defend the president .
the president do not defend the men .
do not defend the president the women .
do not defend the ministers the president .
the president do not defend the candidates .
the secretaries do not defend the president .
the president the commissioners do not defend .
do not defend the children the president .
the president the teachers do not defend .
do not defend the students the president .
the president the man do not welcome .
do not welcome the woman the president .
the president the minister do not welcome .
the president the candidate do not welcome .
the secretary the president do not welcome .
the president the commissioner do not welcome .
the child the president do not welcome .
do not welcome the teacher the president .
do not welcome the student the president .
the president do not welcome the men .
do not welcome the women the president .
the ministers do not welcome the president .
do not welcome the candidates the president .
the secretaries the president do not welcome .
the commissioners the president do not welcome .
the president do not welcome the children .
the president the teachers do not welcome .
do not welcome the students the president .
do not invite the president the man .
the woman do not invite the president .
the president the minister do not invite .
do not invite the president the candidate .
the president the secretary do not invite .
the president the commissioner do not invite .
the child the president do not invite .
the teacher do not invite the president .
do not invite the student the president .
the president the men do not invite .
the president the women do not invite .
the president the ministers do not invite .
do not invite the candidates the president .
the president do not invite the secretaries .
do not invite the commissioners the president .
do not invite the children the president .
the president do not invite the teachers .
the president the students do not invite .
the man the president do not attack .
the woman do not attack the president .
the minister the president do not attack .
do not attack the president the candidate .
the secretary do not attack the president .
the commissioner the president do not attack .
the child the president do not attack .
do not attack the teacher the president .
the president the student do not attack .
do not attack the president the men .
do not attack the women the president .
the ministers do not attack the president .
the president the candidates do not attack .
do not attack the secretaries the president .
the president the commissioners do not attack .
the children the president do not attack .
the president do not attack the teachers .
the president do not attack the students .
the president do not respect the man .
do not respect the woman the president .
do not respect the president the minister .
the candidate do not respect the president .
the secretary do not respect the president .
do not respect the commissioner the president .
the child do not respect the president .
the president do not respect the teacher .
do not respect the president the student .
do not respect the president the men .
do not respect the president the women .
the ministers do not respect the president .
the president the candidates do not respect .
the president do not respect the secretaries .
the commissioners do not respect the president .
do not respect the president the children .
the teachers the president do not respect .
the students the president do not respect .
do not replace the man the president .
the president the woman do not replace .
the minister do not replace the president .
the president the candidate do not replace .
the secretary the president do not replace .
the president do not replace the commissioner .
the child the president do not replace .
the president the teacher do not replace .
the student do not replace the president .
the men do not replace the president .
do not replace the women the president .
do not replace the president the ministers .
do not replace the candidates the president .
the secretaries the president do not replace .
the president do not replace the commissioners .
the children the president do not replace .
the president do not replace the teachers .
do not replace the president the students .
the man do not exploit the president .
the woman do not exploit the president .
the minister the president do not exploit .
the candidate do not exploit the president .
the president do not exploit the secretary .
do not exploit the commissioner the president .
the child do not exploit the president .
do not exploit the teacher the president .
do not exploit the president the student .
the president do not exploit the men .
the women do not exploit the president .
do not exploit the ministers the president .
the candidates the president do not exploit .
do not exploit the president the secretaries .
do not exploit the commissioners the president .
the president the children do not exploit .
the president do not exploit the teachers .
the students do not exploit the president .
the man the president do not thank .
do not thank the woman the man .
do not thank the minister the man .
the man the candidate do not thank .
the secretary do not thank the man .
the man do not thank the commissioner .
the man do not thank the child .
the teacher the man do not thank .
the man the student do not thank .
do not thank the man the presidents .
the man the women do not thank .
do not thank the ministers the man .
the candidates do not thank the man .
the man do not thank the secretaries .
the commissioners the man do not thank .
do not thank the man the children .
the man the teachers do not thank .
do not thank the man the students .
do not support the president the man .
the man the woman do not support .
do not support the man the minister .
do not support the man the candidate .
the secretary do not support the man .
the man the commissioner do not support .
the man do not support the child .
the teacher the man do not support .
do not support the man the student .
the man the presidents do not support .
do not support the women the man .
do not support the man the ministers .
the candidates do not support the man .
the man the secretaries do not support .
the commissioners do not support the man .
the children the man do not support .
the man do not support the teachers .
the man do not support the students .
do not represent the man the president .
do not represent the woman the man .
the minister the man do not represent .
the man the candidate do not represent .
the man the secretary do not represent .
do not represent the commissioner the man .
the man the child do not represent .
the teacher the man do not represent .
the student do not represent the man .
the man do not represent the presidents .
the man do not represent the women .
the ministers the man do not represent .
do not represent the candidates the man .
do not represent the secretaries the man .
the man the commissioners do not represent .
the man do not represent the children .
the teachers the man do not represent .
do not represent the man the students .
do not defend the man the president .
do not defend the man the woman .
do not defend the minister the man .
the candidate the man do not defend .
do not defend the secretary the man .
the man do not defend the commissioner .
the child do not defend the man .
do not defend the man the teacher .
do not defend the student the man .
do not defend the presidents the man .
the women do not defend the man .
the ministers the man do not defend .
do not defend the candidates the man .
the secretaries do not defend the man .
do not defend the commissioners the man .
the children the man do not defend .
do not defend the man the teachers .
the man the students do not defend .
do not welcome the man the president .
do not welcome the woman the man .
do not welcome the minister the man .
the man the candidate do not welcome .
the man do not welcome the secretary .
the man do not welcome the commissioner .
the child do not welcome the man .
the teacher the man do not welcome .
the student do not welcome the man .
the man the presidents do not welcome .
the women the man do not welcome .
the man the ministers do not welcome .
the man the candidates do not welcome .
the secretaries do not welcome the man .
do not welcome the commissioners the man .
do not welcome the children the man .
do not welcome the teachers the man .
the students the man do not welcome .
the president the man do not invite .
do not invite the man the woman .
the man the minister do not invite .
the candidate the man do not invite .
the secretary the man do not invite .
the man the commissioner do not invite .
the child the man do not invite .
the teacher the man do not invite .
do not invite the man the student .
the presidents the man do not invite .
the women do not invite the man .
do not invite the ministers the man .
the man the candidates do not invite .
do not invite the man the secretaries .
the commissioners do not invite the man .
do not invite the children the man .
the man do not invite the teachers .
the students the man do not invite .
do not attack the president the man .
the woman do not attack the man .
the man the minister do not attack .
the man do not attack the candidate .
the man do not attack the secretary .
the commissioner do not attack the man .
the child do not attack the man .
the man the teacher do not attack .
the man do not attack the student .
the man the presidents do not attack .
the man do not attack the women .
do not attack the man the ministers .
the man do not attack the candidates .
the man do not attack the secretaries .
the man the commissioners do not attack .
do not attack the man the children .
the man the teachers do not attack .
the man do not attack the students .
the president do not respect the man .
do not respect the woman the man .
do not respect the minister the man .
the candidate do not respect the man .
do not respect the secretary the man .
the man do not respect the commissioner .
the child the man do not respect .
the man do not respect the teacher .
the man do not respect the student .
the presidents do not respect the man .
do not respect the man the women .
the man the ministers do not respect .
do not respect the candidates the man .
do not respect the secretaries the man .
the commissioners the man do not respect .
the children do not respect the man .
the teachers do not respect the man .
the man the students do not respect .
do not replace the president the man .
do not replace the man the woman .
the minister the man do not replace .
do not replace the man the candidate .
the man the secretary do not replace .
the commissioner do not replace the man .
the man the child do not replace .
the man the teacher do not replace .
the student the man do not replace .
do not replace the man the presidents .
the man the women do not replace .
the man the ministers do not replace .
do not replace the candidates the man .
the man do not replace the secretaries .
the man do not replace the commissioners .
do not replace the man the children .
the man do not replace the teachers .
do not replace the man the students .
the president do not exploit the man .
do not exploit the man the woman .
the man the minister do not exploit .
the candidate do not exploit the man .
the man do not exploit the secretary .
the man the commissioner do not exploit .
the man the child do not exploit .
do not exploit the man the teacher .
the student do not exploit the man .
do not exploit the man the presidents .
the women the man do not exploit .
the ministers do not exploit the man .
the man do not exploit the candidates .
the man the secretaries do not exploit .
the commissioners do not exploit the man .
the children the man do not exploit .
do not exploit the man the teachers .
do not exploit the students the man .
do not thank the woman the president .
the man the woman do not thank .
the minister the woman do not thank .
the woman do not thank the candidate .
the woman do not thank the secretary .
the woman the commissioner do not thank .
the woman do not thank the child .
do not thank the woman the teacher .
the woman do not thank the student .
do not thank the presidents the woman .
the woman do not thank the men .
the woman the ministers do not thank .
the woman do not thank the candidates .
the woman the secretaries do not thank .
the woman do not thank the commissioners .
the children the woman do not thank .
do not thank the woman the teachers .
do not thank the students the woman .
the woman the president do not support .
the man the woman do not support .
the woman do not support the minister .
the candidate the woman do not support .
do not support the woman the secretary .
the woman the commissioner do not support .
the woman do not support the child .
the woman the teacher do not support .
the student do not support the woman .
the presidents do not support the woman .
the woman do not support the men .
the woman the ministers do not support .
do not support the woman the candidates .
the secretaries the woman do not support .
do not support the woman the commissioners .
the woman do not support the children .
the teachers the woman do not support .
the woman the students do not support .
the president the woman do not represent .
do not represent the man the woman .
the minister the woman do not represent .
the woman the candidate do not represent .
do not represent the woman the secretary .
do not represent the woman the commissioner .
do not represent the woman the child .
do not represent the teacher the woman .
the woman the student do not represent .
the presidents the woman do not represent .
the woman do not represent the men .
do not represent the ministers the woman .
the woman do not represent the candidates .
the secretaries do not represent the woman .
do not represent the woman the commissioners .
the woman do not represent the children .
do not represent the woman the teachers .
the woman do not represent the students .
the woman the president do not defend .
the man do not defend the woman .
do not defend the woman the minister .
the woman the candidate do not defend .
the woman do not defend the secretary .
the commissioner the woman do not defend .
the woman do not defend the child .
the teacher do not defend the woman .
the woman do not defend the student .
do not defend the presidents the woman .
do not defend the men the woman .
the ministers the woman do not defend .
the candidates the woman do not defend .
the secretaries do not defend the woman .
the woman the commissioners do not defend .
the woman do not defend the children .
do not defend the teachers the woman .
do not defend the woman the students .
do not welcome the woman the president .
the man do not welcome the woman .
do not welcome the minister the woman .
the woman do not welcome the candidate .
the woman do not welcome the secretary .
the woman do not welcome the commissioner .
do not welcome the child the woman .
the woman the teacher do not welcome .
the woman the student do not welcome .
do not welcome the presidents the woman .
do not welcome the men the woman .
the ministers do not welcome the woman .
do not welcome the candidates the woman .
the woman the secretaries do not welcome .
the commissioners do not welcome the woman .
the woman do not welcome the children .
the woman the teachers do not welcome .
the students do not welcome the woman .
the woman do not invite the president .
do not invite the woman the man .
do not invite the minister the woman .
the woman do not invite the candidate .
the secretary do not invite the woman .
the woman the commissioner do not invite .
the woman the child do not invite .
the teacher the woman do not invite .
do not invite the woman the student .
the presidents the woman do not invite .
the men the woman do not invite .
do not invite the woman the ministers .
do not invite the candidates the woman .
the woman the secretaries do not invite .
do not invite the commissioners the woman .
the woman the children do not invite .
the teachers do not invite the woman .
the students do not invite the woman .
do not attack the president the woman .
the woman do not attack the man .
do not attack the minister the woman .
the candidate the woman do not attack .
the secretary the woman do not attack .
the woman do not attack the commissioner .
the child do not attack the woman .
the woman do not attack the teacher .
do not attack the student the woman .
do not attack the presidents the woman .
do not attack the men the woman .
the woman do not attack the ministers .
the candidates do not attack the woman .
the secretaries do not attack the woman .
do not attack the woman the commissioners .
the children do not attack the woman .
the woman do not attack the teachers .
do not attack the woman the students .
the president do not respect the woman .
do not respect the woman the man .
the minister do not respect the woman .
the woman the candidate do not respect .
do not respect the woman the secretary .
do not respect the woman the commissioner .
do not respect the child the woman .
do not respect the teacher the woman .
the student the woman do not respect .
do not respect the presidents the woman .
the woman the men do not respect .
the ministers the woman do not respect .
the woman the candidates do not respect .
the secretaries do not respect the woman .
the commissioners the woman do not respect .
do not respect the woman the children .
do not respect the teachers the woman .
the students do not respect the woman .
do not replace the president the woman .
do not replace the woman the man .
the woman the minister do not replace .
do not replace the candidate the woman .
do not replace the secretary the woman .
the woman do not replace the commissioner .
do not replace the woman the child .
the woman do not replace the teacher .
do not replace the student the woman .
the woman do not replace the presidents .
the men the woman do not replace .
the woman the ministers do not replace .
the candidates the woman do not replace .
do not replace the secretaries the woman .
the commissioners the woman do not replace .
the woman the children do not replace .
the teachers do not replace the woman .
do not replace the students the woman .
do not exploit the woman the president .
the woman do not exploit the man .
do not exploit the woman the minister .
the woman the candidate do not exploit .
the woman the secretary do not exploit .
the woman the commissioner do not exploit .
the child the woman do not exploit .
the teacher do not exploit the woman .
do not exploit the woman the student .
the presidents do not exploit the woman .
the woman the men do not exploit .
the ministers the woman do not exploit .
the woman do not exploit the candidates .
the woman the secretaries do not exploit .
the woman do not exploit the commissioners .
the woman do not exploit the children .
do not exploit the woman the teachers .
do not exploit the students the woman .
the minister the president do not thank .
the minister the man do not thank .
the minister the woman do not thank .
do not thank the minister the candidate .
the minister the secretary do not thank .
the minister do not thank the commissioner .
the minister do not thank the child .
do not thank the teacher the minister .
do not thank the minister the student .
the minister do not thank the presidents .
the minister do not thank the men .
do not thank the minister the women .
the minister the candidates do not thank .
the minister the secretaries do not thank .
do not thank the commissioners the minister .
the minister do not thank the children .
the minister the teachers do not thank .
do not thank the students the minister .
do not support the minister the president .
the minister the man do not support .
the woman the minister do not support .
do not support the candidate the minister .
the minister the secretary do not support .
the minister do not support the commissioner .
the child do not support the minister .
the minister the teacher do not support .
do not support the student the minister .
do not support the minister the presidents .
the minister do not support the men .
the minister do not support the women .
the minister the candidates do not support .
the secretaries the minister do not support .
the commissioners the minister do not support .
the children the minister do not support .
the minister the teachers do not support .
do not support the minister the students .
the president do not represent the minister .
do not represent the man the minister .
do not represent the woman the minister .
do not represent the minister the candidate .
do not represent the minister the secretary .
the minister the commissioner do not represent .
the child the minister do not represent .
the minister do not represent the teacher .
do not represent the minister the student .
the minister do not represent the presidents .
the men the minister do not represent .
the women do not represent the minister .
the candidates the minister do not represent .
the minister do not represent the secretaries .
the minister do not represent the commissioners .
the children the minister do not represent .
do not represent the teachers the minister .
the students the minister do not represent .
the minister do not defend the president .
do not defend the man the minister .
the woman do not defend the minister .
do not defend the minister the candidate .
the secretary do not defend the minister .
do not defend the commissioner the minister .
the child do not defend the minister .
the minister the teacher do not defend .
do not defend the minister the student .
the presidents do not defend the minister .
do not defend the men the minister .
the minister the women do not defend .
the candidates do not defend the minister .
the minister do not defend the secretaries .
the commissioners do not defend the minister .
do not defend the children the minister .
the teachers do not defend the minister .
the minister the students do not defend .
do not welcome the president the minister .
the minister the man do not welcome .
the woman the minister do not welcome .
do not welcome the candidate the minister .
the minister the secretary do not welcome .
do not welcome the minister the commissioner .
the child the minister do not welcome .
the teacher do not welcome the minister .
do not welcome the minister the student .
do not welcome the minister the presidents .
do not welcome the minister the men .
the women do not welcome the minister .
the candidates the minister do not welcome .
the minister the secretaries do not welcome .
the commissioners the minister do not welcome .
do not welcome the minister the children .
do not welcome the teachers the minister .
the minister do not welcome the students .
the minister the president do not invite .
do not invite the minister the man .
the minister do not invite the woman .
the minister the candidate do not invite .
the secretary the minister do not invite .
the minister the commissioner do not invite .
the minister the child do not invite .
the teacher do not invite the minister .
the student do not invite the minister .
the presidents the minister do not invite .
do not invite the men the minister .
the women do not invite the minister .
the candidates the minister do not invite .
the minister do not invite the secretaries .
do not invite the minister the commissioners .
do not invite the minister the children .
do not invite the minister the teachers .
the students do not invite the minister .
the president do not attack the minister .
do not attack the minister the man .
do not attack the woman the minister .
do not attack the candidate the minister .
do not attack the secretary the minister .
do not attack the minister the commissioner .
do not attack the child the minister .
the minister the teacher do not attack .
the student the minister do not attack .
do not attack the minister the presidents .
the men do not attack the minister .
the minister do not attack the women .
do not attack the candidates the minister .
the secretaries the minister do not attack .
the minister do not attack the commissioners .
do not attack the children the minister .
the teachers the minister do not attack .
the minister the students do not attack .
the minister do not respect the president .
do not respect the minister the man .
the minister do not respect the woman .
the minister do not respect the candidate .
the minister do not respect the secretary .
the commissioner the minister do not respect .
the minister the child do not respect .
the minister the teacher do not respect .
do not respect the student the minister .
the minister do not respect the presidents .
do not respect the minister the men .
the women the minister do not respect .
do not respect the minister the candidates .
do not respect the secretaries the minister .
the minister do not respect the commissioners .
the children do not respect the minister .
the teachers the minister do not respect .
the minister the students do not respect .
the president the minister do not replace .
the minister do not replace the man .
do not replace the minister the woman .
the candidate the minister do not replace .
do not replace the secretary the minister .
the commissioner the minister do not replace .
the child the minister do not replace .
do not replace the minister the teacher .
the student the minister do not replace .
the minister the presidents do not replace .
the men the minister do not replace .
the women do not replace the minister .
do not replace the candidates the minister .
the minister the secretaries do not replace .
the commissioners do not replace the minister .
the children the minister do not replace .
the teachers the minister do not replace .
the minister the students do not replace .
the minister do not exploit the president .
the man do not exploit the minister .
the minister the woman do not exploit .
the minister the candidate do not exploit .
do not exploit the secretary the minister .
the commissioner the minister do not exploit .
do not exploit the child the minister .
do not exploit the minister the teacher .
the student do not exploit the minister .
the minister the presidents do not exploit .
do not exploit the minister the men .
the minister the women do not exploit .
the minister the candidates do not exploit .
the secretaries do not exploit the minister .
the minister the commissioners do not exploit .
the children do not exploit the minister .
do not exploit the teachers the minister .
the minister the students do not exploit .
do not thank the president the candidate .
the man the candidate do not thank .
do not thank the candidate the woman .
the minister do not thank the candidate .
do not thank the secretary the candidate .
do not thank the commissioner the candidate .
do not thank the child the candidate .
do not thank the candidate the teacher .
do not thank the student the candidate .
do not thank the candidate the presidents .
the men do not thank the candidate .
the candidate the women do not thank .
the ministers the candidate do not thank .
the secretaries do not thank the candidate .
the commissioners do not thank the candidate .
the children the candidate do not thank .
the candidate the teachers do not thank .
the students do not thank the candidate .
do not support the president the candidate .
do not support the man the candidate .
the woman the candidate do not support .
the minister the candidate do not support .
do not support the candidate the secretary .
do not support the candidate the commissioner .
the child the candidate do not support .
the candidate the teacher do not support .
the student the candidate do not support .
do not support the presidents the candidate .
do not support the candidate the men .
do not support the women the candidate .
the ministers do not support the candidate .
do not support the candidate the secretaries .
the commissioners the candidate do not support .
do not support the candidate the children .
the candidate do not support the teachers .
the candidate the students do not support .
the candidate the president do not represent .
the man the candidate do not represent .
do not represent the candidate the woman .
the candidate the minister do not represent .
the secretary the candidate do not represent .
do not represent the commissioner the candidate .
the candidate the child do not represent .
do not represent the teacher the candidate .
the student do not represent the candidate .
the candidate do not represent the presidents .
the candidate the men do not represent .
do not represent the women the candidate .
the candidate do not represent the ministers .
the secretaries do not represent the candidate .
the commissioners do not represent the candidate .
do not represent the children the candidate .
the candidate the teachers do not represent .
the students the candidate do not represent .
the candidate do not defend the president .
do not defend the candidate the man .
the woman the candidate do not defend .
do not defend the minister the candidate .
the candidate the secretary do not defend .
the commissioner the candidate do not defend .
the child do not defend the candidate .
the candidate do not defend the teacher .
do not defend the candidate the student .
the presidents the candidate do not defend .
do not defend the candidate the men .
do not defend the candidate the women .
the ministers do not defend the candidate .
the secretaries the candidate do not defend .
the candidate the commissioners do not defend .
do not defend the children the candidate .
do not defend the teachers the candidate .
the students the candidate do not defend .
do not welcome the candidate the president .
the man do not welcome the candidate .
the candidate the woman do not welcome .
the minister the candidate do not welcome .
the secretary the candidate do not welcome .
do not welcome the candidate the commissioner .
the candidate do not welcome the child .
the teacher the candidate do not welcome .
the student do not welcome the candidate .
the candidate do not welcome the presidents .
do not welcome the candidate the men .
do not welcome the candidate the women .
the candidate the ministers do not welcome .
the secretaries do not welcome the candidate .
the commissioners the candidate do not welcome .
do not welcome the children the candidate .
the candidate do not welcome the teachers .
the students the candidate do not welcome .
the candidate the president do not invite .
do not invite the candidate the man .
the woman do not invite the candidate .
the candidate do not invite the minister .
do not invite the candidate the secretary .
the commissioner the candidate do not invite .
the candidate do not invite the child .
the candidate do not invite the teacher .
the student the candidate do not invite .
the presidents do not invite the candidate .
the men do not invite the candidate .
do not invite the women the candidate .
do not invite the candidate the ministers .
the candidate do not invite the secretaries .
do not invite the commissioners the candidate .
do not invite the candidate the children .
the teachers do not invite the candidate .
the students the candidate do not invite .
do not attack the president the candidate .
the candidate do not attack the man .
do not attack the woman the candidate .
do not attack the minister the candidate .
the candidate the secretary do not attack .
the candidate the commissioner do not attack .
the child do not attack the candidate .
the teacher the candidate do not attack .
the candidate the student do not attack .
do not attack the presidents the candidate .
do not attack the candidate the men .
the women the candidate do not attack .
the ministers do not attack the candidate .
the candidate the secretaries do not attack .
the commissioners do not attack the candidate .
the children do not attack the candidate .
do not attack the candidate the teachers .
the candidate the students do not attack .
do not respect the candidate the president .
do not respect the man the candidate .
do not respect the candidate the woman .
the minister the candidate do not respect .
the candidate the secretary do not respect .
the commissioner do not respect the candidate .
the child the candidate do not respect .
do not respect the teacher the candidate .
the candidate the student do not respect .
the candidate the presidents do not respect .
the candidate do not respect the men .
do not respect the women the candidate .
the candidate the ministers do not respect .
do not respect the candidate the secretaries .
the candidate the commissioners do not respect .
do not respect the children the candidate .
the candidate the teachers do not respect .
the candidate the students do not respect .
the president the candidate do not replace .
the man do not replace the candidate .
the woman the candidate do not replace .
the minister the candidate do not replace .
do not replace the secretary the candidate .
the candidate the commissioner do not replace .
the child do not replace the candidate .
the teacher the candidate do not replace .
the student do not replace the candidate .
the presidents the candidate do not replace .
do not replace the candidate the men .
do not replace the candidate the women .
the candidate the ministers do not replace .
do not replace the candidate the secretaries .
the commissioners the candidate do not replace .
the children the candidate do not replace .
the candidate the teachers do not replace .
do not replace the candidate the students .
the president do not exploit the candidate .
the man the candidate do not exploit .
the candidate do not exploit the woman .
the candidate the minister do not exploit .
the candidate do not exploit the secretary .
do not exploit the candidate the commissioner .
the candidate do not exploit the child .
the candidate the teacher do not exploit .
the student the candidate do not exploit .
do not exploit the candidate the presidents .
the candidate do not exploit the men .
the candidate do not exploit the women .
do not exploit the candidate the ministers .
do not exploit the candidate the secretaries .
do not exploit the candidate the commissioners .
do not exploit the candidate the children .
the teachers do not exploit the candidate .
do not exploit the candidate the students .
the president the secretary do not thank .
the secretary do not thank the man .
do not thank the woman the secretary .
the minister do not thank the secretary .
the secretary do not thank the candidate .
the secretary do not thank the commissioner .
the child do not thank the secretary .
the teacher the secretary do not thank .
the secretary do not thank the student .
do not thank the secretary the presidents .
do not thank the men the secretary .
do not thank the women the secretary .
do not thank the secretary the ministers .
the candidates do not thank the secretary .
the commissioners the secretary do not thank .
do not thank the secretary the children .
do not thank the teachers the secretary .
the secretary do not thank the students .
the president do not support the secretary .
the man do not support the secretary .
do not support the secretary the woman .
the minister do not support the secretary .
the candidate do not support the secretary .
the secretary the commissioner do not support .
do not support the secretary the child .
the secretary do not support the teacher .
the student the secretary do not support .
do not support the presidents the secretary .
the men the secretary do not support .
the secretary the women do not support .
the ministers do not support the secretary .
do not support the secretary the candidates .
do not support the commissioners the secretary .
do not support the children the secretary .
the teachers do not support the secretary .
the secretary the students do not support .
do not represent the secretary the president .
the secretary do not represent the man .
do not represent the woman the secretary .
do not represent the secretary the minister .
do not represent the candidate the secretary .
do not represent the commissioner the secretary .
the secretary the child do not represent .
do not represent the teacher the secretary .
do not represent the secretary the student .
the secretary do not represent the presidents .
the men the secretary do not represent .
the secretary the women do not represent .
the ministers the secretary do not represent .
do not represent the candidates the secretary .
the secretary the commissioners do not represent .
the children do not represent the secretary .
the secretary the teachers do not represent .
do not represent the students the secretary .
do not defend the secretary the president .
the man the secretary do not defend .
do not defend the woman the secretary .
do not defend the minister the secretary .
the secretary the candidate do not defend .
do not defend the secretary the commissioner .
the child the secretary do not defend .
the secretary do not defend the teacher .
the student do not defend the secretary .
do not defend the secretary the presidents .
do not defend the secretary the men .
the secretary the women do not defend .
do not defend the secretary the ministers .
do not defend the candidates the secretary .
the secretary do not defend the commissioners .
the secretary the children do not defend .
the teachers do not defend the secretary .
the students the secretary do not defend .
do not welcome the president the secretary .
the secretary do not welcome the man .
the secretary the woman do not welcome .
do not welcome the minister the secretary .
the candidate the secretary do not welcome .
the commissioner do not welcome the secretary .
do not welcome the child the secretary .
do not welcome the secretary the teacher .
the secretary do not welcome the student .
the presidents do not welcome the secretary .
the secretary the men do not welcome .
do not welcome the women the secretary .
the ministers do not welcome the secretary .
the secretary the candidates do not welcome .
the secretary the commissioners do not welcome .
the secretary the children do not welcome .
the teachers do not welcome the secretary .
do not welcome the secretary the students .
do not invite the president the secretary .
the man the secretary do not invite .
the secretary the woman do not invite .
do not invite the secretary the minister .
do not invite the candidate the secretary .
do not invite the commissioner the secretary .
do not invite the secretary the child .
the teacher do not invite the secretary .
do not invite the secretary the student .
do not invite the secretary the presidents .
the secretary do not invite the men .
the women do not invite the secretary .
the ministers the secretary do not invite .
do not invite the secretary the candidates .
the secretary do not invite the commissioners .
the children the secretary do not invite .
the teachers do not invite the secretary .
the secretary do not invite the students .
the president the secretary do not attack .
do not attack the secretary the man .
the woman do not attack the secretary .
the secretary the minister do not attack .
the secretary do not attack the candidate .
the commissioner do not attack the secretary .
do not attack the secretary the child .
the teacher the secretary do not attack .
the secretary the student do not attack .
do not attack the presidents the secretary .
do not attack the secretary the men .
do not attack the women the secretary .
the ministers the secretary do not attack .
the candidates the secretary do not attack .
the secretary do not attack the commissioners .
the children the secretary do not attack .
the secretary do not attack the teachers .
the students the secretary do not attack .
do not respect the president the secretary .
the secretary the man do not respect .
the secretary do not respect the woman .
the minister the secretary do not respect .
do not respect the secretary the candidate .
the commissioner do not respect the secretary .
the secretary do not respect the child .
the secretary the teacher do not respect .
the secretary the student do not respect .
the secretary do not respect the presidents .
do not respect the men the secretary .
the secretary do not respect the women .
the ministers the secretary do not respect .
the candidates do not respect the secretary .
the commissioners the secretary do not respect .
the secretary the children do not respect .
do not respect the teachers the secretary .
the secretary the students do not respect .
the president the secretary do not replace .
do not replace the man the secretary .
do not replace the woman the secretary .
do not replace the minister the secretary .
the candidate do not replace the secretary .
do not replace the secretary the commissioner .
the child do not replace the secretary .
do not replace the secretary the teacher .
the secretary do not replace the student .
do not replace the secretary the presidents .
the secretary do not replace the men .
do not replace the women the secretary .
do not replace the secretary the ministers .
the candidates do not replace the secretary .
the commissioners do not replace the secretary .
the secretary do not replace the children .
the secretary do not replace the teachers .
do not replace the students the secretary .
the president do not exploit the secretary .
the man the secretary do not exploit .
the woman do not exploit the secretary .
the minister do not exploit the secretary .
the candidate do not exploit the secretary .
the commissioner the secretary do not exploit .
do not exploit the child the secretary .
the secretary do not exploit the teacher .
the secretary the student do not exploit .
the secretary do not exploit the presidents .
do not exploit the men the secretary .
do not exploit the secretary the women .
the secretary the ministers do not exploit .
the candidates do not exploit the secretary .
the commissioners do not exploit the secretary .
the children do not exploit the secretary .
the secretary do not exploit the teachers .
do not exploit the secretary the students .
the president do not thank the commissioner .
do not thank the commissioner the man .
do not thank the commissioner the woman .
the minister the commissioner do not thank .
the commissioner the candidate do not thank .
the commissioner the secretary do not thank .
the commissioner do not thank the child .
the teacher the commissioner do not thank .
the commissioner the student do not thank .
do not thank the commissioner the presidents .
do not thank the men the commissioner .
the women the commissioner do not thank .
the commissioner the ministers do not thank .
do not thank the commissioner the candidates .
do not thank the commissioner the secretaries .
do not thank the children the commissioner .
the teachers the commissioner do not thank .
do not thank the students the commissioner .
do not support the president the commissioner .
the commissioner the man do not support .
the commissioner the woman do not support .
the commissioner the minister do not support .
the candidate do not support the commissioner .
do not support the secretary the commissioner .
do not support the child the commissioner .
do not support the teacher the commissioner .
do not support the commissioner the student .
the commissioner the presidents do not support .
do not support the commissioner the men .
the commissioner the women do not support .
the ministers do not support the commissioner .
the commissioner do not support the candidates .
do not support the secretaries the commissioner .
the children do not support the commissioner .
the teachers do not support the commissioner .
the students do not support the commissioner .
the commissioner do not represent the president .
do not represent the commissioner the man .
the woman the commissioner do not represent .
the minister the commissioner do not represent .
the commissioner the candidate do not represent .
do not represent the secretary the commissioner .
the child do not represent the commissioner .
the teacher do not represent the commissioner .
do not represent the commissioner the student .
do not represent the presidents the commissioner .
the commissioner the men do not represent .
the commissioner do not represent the women .
the commissioner do not represent the ministers .
do not represent the candidates the commissioner .
the commissioner do not represent the secretaries .
the children the commissioner do not represent .
the commissioner the teachers do not represent .
the students the commissioner do not represent .
the president do not defend the commissioner .
the man do not defend the commissioner .
do not defend the commissioner the woman .
the minister do not defend the commissioner .
do not defend the commissioner the candidate .
the commissioner do not defend the secretary .
do not defend the child the commissioner .
the commissioner do not defend the teacher .
do not defend the student the commissioner .
the presidents the commissioner do not defend .
do not defend the commissioner the men .
the commissioner do not defend the women .
the commissioner the ministers do not defend .
the candidates do not defend the commissioner .
do not defend the commissioner the secretaries .
do not defend the children the commissioner .
the teachers the commissioner do not defend .
the students do not defend the commissioner .
do not welcome the president the commissioner .
do not welcome the commissioner the man .
do not welcome the woman the commissioner .
the commissioner the minister do not welcome .
the candidate do not welcome the commissioner .
do not welcome the commissioner the secretary .
the child the commissioner do not welcome .
the teacher do not welcome the commissioner .
do not welcome the commissioner the student .
the presidents do not welcome the commissioner .
the commissioner do not welcome the men .
do not welcome the commissioner the women .
the ministers the commissioner do not welcome .
do not welcome the candidates the commissioner .
the commissioner the secretaries do not welcome .
do not welcome the commissioner the children .
the commissioner the teachers do not welcome .
the students the commissioner do not welcome .
the commissioner the president do not invite .
do not invite the man the commissioner .
do not invite the woman the commissioner .
do not invite the commissioner the minister .
the commissioner the candidate do not invite .
the secretary do not invite the commissioner .
the commissioner do not invite the child .
the teacher the commissioner do not invite .
the commissioner the student do not invite .
do not invite the presidents the commissioner .
do not invite the commissioner the men .
the women the commissioner do not invite .
do not invite the ministers the commissioner .
the commissioner the candidates do not invite .
the commissioner the secretaries do not invite .
the commissioner the children do not invite .
the teachers do not invite the commissioner .
the commissioner the students do not invite .
the president do not attack the commissioner .
do not attack the man the commissioner .
the commissioner do not attack the woman .
do not attack the minister the commissioner .
do not attack the candidate the commissioner .
the commissioner the secretary do not attack .
the commissioner do not attack the child .
do not attack the commissioner the teacher .
the commissioner the student do not attack .
the commissioner the presidents do not attack .
the men do not attack the commissioner .
the women do not attack the commissioner .
do not attack the commissioner the ministers .
the commissioner do not attack the candidates .
the secretaries do not attack the commissioner .
the commissioner the children do not attack .
the teachers the commissioner do not attack .
do not attack the commissioner the students .
the president the commissioner do not respect .
the man the commissioner do not respect .
the woman the commissioner do not respect .
the minister do not respect the commissioner .
the candidate do not respect the commissioner .
the secretary the commissioner do not respect .
the child the commissioner do not respect .
do not respect the commissioner the teacher .
the student the commissioner do not respect .
do not respect the commissioner the presidents .
the men the commissioner do not respect .
do not respect the commissioner the women .
the commissioner the ministers do not respect .
do not respect the commissioner the candidates .
the secretaries do not respect the commissioner .
the children do not respect the commissioner .
the teachers the commissioner do not respect .
the commissioner the students do not respect .
the commissioner do not replace the president .
the commissioner the man do not replace .
do not replace the commissioner the woman .
the minister do not replace the commissioner .
the commissioner the candidate do not replace .
the secretary do not replace the commissioner .
do not replace the child the commissioner .
do not replace the teacher the commissioner .
the student the commissioner do not replace .
the commissioner do not replace the presidents .
do not replace the commissioner the men .
the commissioner the women do not replace .
the commissioner the ministers do not replace .
the commissioner do not replace the candidates .
the secretaries the commissioner do not replace .
the children do not replace the commissioner .
the teachers do not replace the commissioner .
do not replace the commissioner the students .
the president the commissioner do not exploit .
the man the commissioner do not exploit .
the woman the commissioner do not exploit .
do not exploit the minister the commissioner .
the candidate do not exploit the commissioner .
the secretary the commissioner do not exploit .
do not exploit the commissioner the child .
the commissioner the teacher do not exploit .
the student do not exploit the commissioner .
do not exploit the presidents the commissioner .
do not exploit the men the commissioner .
the women the commissioner do not exploit .
the commissioner do not exploit the ministers .
the commissioner the candidates do not exploit .
the secretaries the commissioner do not exploit .
the commissioner do not exploit the children .
do not exploit the commissioner the teachers .
do not exploit the students the commissioner .
the child do not thank the president .
do not thank the man the child .
the child the woman do not thank .
the child the minister do not thank .
the child do not thank the candidate .
the secretary do not thank the child .
the child do not thank the commissioner .
the teacher the child do not thank .
do not thank the child the student .
the child the presidents do not thank .
the child do not thank the men .
the women do not thank the child .
the child the ministers do not thank .
do not thank the child the candidates .
do not thank the secretaries the child .
the commissioners the child do not thank .
do not thank the teachers the child .
the students the child do not thank .
the child do not support the president .
the child do not support the man .
the woman the child do not support .
the child do not support the minister .
the candidate the child do not support .
do not support the secretary the child .
do not support the commissioner the child .
the teacher do not support the child .
do not support the child the student .
do not support the child the presidents .
do not support the child the men .
the women do not support the child .
the child do not support the ministers .
the candidates the child do not support .
the secretaries do not support the child .
the commissioners do not support the child .
the teachers do not support the child .
the students do not support the child .
the president do not represent the child .
do not represent the man the child .
the woman the child do not represent .
the child the minister do not represent .
the candidate do not represent the child .
the secretary the child do not represent .
the commissioner the child do not represent .
do not represent the teacher the child .
the child do not represent the student .
the child do not represent the presidents .
the men do not represent the child .
do not represent the child the women .
do not represent the ministers the child .
the candidates the child do not represent .
the secretaries do not represent the child .
the child do not represent the commissioners .
the child the teachers do not represent .
the child the students do not represent .
the child the president do not defend .
the child do not defend the man .
the woman the child do not defend .
the child do not defend the minister .
the candidate the child do not defend .
the secretary do not defend the child .
the commissioner the child do not defend .
do not defend the teacher the child .
do not defend the student the child .
do not defend the child the presidents .
do not defend the child the men .
the child the women do not defend .
do not defend the child the ministers .
do not defend the candidates the child .
the secretaries the child do not defend .
do not defend the commissioners the child .
the teachers do not defend the child .
the students do not defend the child .
the president do not welcome the child .
the man the child do not welcome .
do not welcome the child the woman .
do not welcome the minister the child .
the candidate do not welcome the child .
the child the secretary do not welcome .
the commissioner do not welcome the child .
do not welcome the teacher the child .
the student do not welcome the child .
the presidents the child do not welcome .
the men do not welcome the child .
do not welcome the child the women .
the ministers the child do not welcome .
do not welcome the child the candidates .
do not welcome the child the secretaries .
the child do not welcome the commissioners .
the child the teachers do not welcome .
do not welcome the students the child .
do not invite the child the president .
do not invite the child the man .
the woman do not invite the child .
do not invite the child the minister .
the candidate the child do not invite .
the child the secretary do not invite .
the child the commissioner do not invite .
the teacher do not invite the child .
do not invite the child the student .
do not invite the presidents the child .
the child do not invite the men .
the child do not invite the women .
the child do not invite the ministers .
do not invite the child the candidates .
the secretaries do not invite the child .
the child the commissioners do not invite .
do not invite the child the teachers .
the students the child do not invite .
the child the president do not attack .
the man do not attack the child .
do not attack the child the woman .
the child do not attack the minister .
the candidate do not attack the child .
the secretary do not attack the child .
the child the commissioner do not attack .
the child the teacher do not attack .
the student do not attack the child .
the presidents do not attack the child .
the men do not attack the child .
the women the child do not attack .
the ministers the child do not attack .
the child the candidates do not attack .
the child the secretaries do not attack .
the child the commissioners do not attack .
the child the teachers do not attack .
do not attack the students the child .
the child do not respect the president .
do not respect the child the man .
the child do not respect the woman .
the minister the child do not respect .
do not respect the candidate the child .
the secretary the child do not respect .
do not respect the commissioner the child .
do not respect the child the teacher .
the child the student do not respect .
the presidents the child do not respect .
the men do not respect the child .
the women do not respect the child .
the ministers do not respect the child .
the candidates the child do not respect .
the child the secretaries do not respect .
do not respect the child the commissioners .
the child the teachers do not respect .
the child do not respect the students .
the child the president do not replace .
the man do not replace the child .
the woman the child do not replace .
the minister do not replace the child .
the child do not replace the candidate .
do not replace the child the secretary .
do not replace the child the commissioner .
the teacher the child do not replace .
do not replace the student the child .
the presidents the child do not replace .
the men the child do not replace .
the women the child do not replace .
the child the ministers do not replace .
do not replace the candidates the child .
do not replace the child the secretaries .
the child do not replace the commissioners .
the teachers the child do not replace .
the students the child do not replace .
the president the child do not exploit .
the man do not exploit the child .
do not exploit the child the woman .
do not exploit the child the minister .
do not exploit the child the candidate .
the secretary the child do not exploit .
do not exploit the child the commissioner .
the teacher do not exploit the child .
the child the student do not exploit .
do not exploit the presidents the child .
the men do not exploit the child .
do not exploit the women the child .
the ministers do not exploit the child .
the child the candidates do not exploit .
the child the secretaries do not exploit .
the commissioners the child do not exploit .
the teachers the child do not exploit .
the child the students do not exploit .
the president the teacher do not thank .
do not thank the teacher the man .
do not thank the woman the teacher .
the minister the teacher do not thank .
the teacher do not thank the candidate .
the secretary the teacher do not thank .
do not thank the teacher the commissioner .
the child the teacher do not thank .
the teacher the student do not thank .
do not thank the teacher the presidents .
the men the teacher do not thank .
do not thank the teacher the women .
the ministers the teacher do not thank .
the teacher do not thank the candidates .
the secretaries the teacher do not thank .
the teacher do not thank the commissioners .
the children do not thank the teacher .
do not thank the students the teacher .
do not support the president the teacher .
the man the teacher do not support .
do not support the teacher the woman .
the teacher do not support the minister .
the candidate do not support the teacher .
the teacher the secretary do not support .
the commissioner do not support the teacher .
the child the teacher do not support .
the teacher the student do not support .
the presidents the teacher do not support .
the teacher do not support the men .
the women the teacher do not support .
the teacher do not support the ministers .
the teacher the candidates do not support .
do not support the teacher the secretaries .
do not support the commissioners the teacher .
do not support the children the teacher .
the teacher do not support the students .
do not represent the president the teacher .
the man do not represent the teacher .
the teacher the woman do not represent .
do not represent the minister the teacher .
the teacher the candidate do not represent .
the teacher do not represent the secretary .
the commissioner do not represent the teacher .
the child do not represent the teacher .
do not represent the teacher the student .
do not represent the teacher the presidents .
do not represent the teacher the men .
the women do not represent the teacher .
the teacher do not represent the ministers .
do not represent the teacher the candidates .
do not represent the teacher the secretaries .
do not represent the teacher the commissioners .
the teacher do not represent the children .
the students the teacher do not represent .
the teacher do not defend the president .
do not defend the teacher the man .
the woman the teacher do not defend .
the teacher the minister do not defend .
the teacher the candidate do not defend .
the secretary do not defend the teacher .
do not defend the teacher the commissioner .
do not defend the teacher the child .
the student the teacher do not defend .
the presidents do not defend the teacher .
the teacher do not defend the men .
the teacher do not defend the women .
the ministers do not defend the teacher .
do not defend the teacher the candidates .
the teacher do not defend the secretaries .
do not defend the commissioners the teacher .
do not defend the children the teacher .
the students do not defend the teacher .
do not welcome the president the teacher .
the man do not welcome the teacher .
the teacher do not welcome the woman .
do not welcome the teacher the minister .
do not welcome the candidate the teacher .
the teacher do not welcome the secretary .
the commissioner the teacher do not welcome .
do not welcome the child the teacher .
the teacher the student do not welcome .
the presidents do not welcome the teacher .
the teacher do not welcome the men .
the teacher the women do not welcome .
the ministers do not welcome the teacher .
the teacher the candidates do not welcome .
the secretaries do not welcome the teacher .
do not welcome the commissioners the teacher .
do not welcome the teacher the children .
do not welcome the students the teacher .
the teacher the president do not invite .
the man the teacher do not invite .
the teacher the woman do not invite .
do not invite the minister the teacher .
the candidate the teacher do not invite .
the secretary the teacher do not invite .
the commissioner do not invite the teacher .
do not invite the teacher the child .
do not invite the student the teacher .
the presidents do not invite the teacher .
do not invite the men the teacher .
the women the teacher do not invite .
the ministers do not invite the teacher .
do not invite the teacher the candidates .
do not invite the teacher the secretaries .
the teacher the commissioners do not invite .
the teacher do not invite the children .
do not invite the teacher the students .
the president do not attack the teacher .
do not attack the man the teacher .
do not attack the teacher the woman .
the minister do not attack the teacher .
the candidate the teacher do not attack .
the secretary the teacher do not attack .
the teacher the commissioner do not attack .
do not attack the child the teacher .
the student the teacher do not attack .
the presidents do not attack the teacher .
do not attack the men the teacher .
the women the teacher do not attack .
the teacher do not attack the ministers .
do not attack the candidates the teacher .
the secretaries do not attack the teacher .
do not attack the commissioners the teacher .
the children do not attack the teacher .
do not attack the teacher the students .
the teacher the president do not respect .
the man do not respect the teacher .
the teacher the woman do not respect .
the minister the teacher do not respect .
do not respect the teacher the candidate .
do not respect the secretary the teacher .
the commissioner the teacher do not respect .
do not respect the child the teacher .
the student the teacher do not respect .
do not respect the presidents the teacher .
the men the teacher do not respect .
the teacher do not respect the women .
the teacher the ministers do not respect .
the teacher do not respect the candidates .
do not respect the teacher the secretaries .
the commissioners do not respect the teacher .
the teacher the children do not respect .
the teacher the students do not respect .
the president the teacher do not replace .
the teacher the man do not replace .
the woman do not replace the teacher .
the minister the teacher do not replace .
do not replace the teacher the candidate .
the secretary the teacher do not replace .
do not replace the commissioner the teacher .
do not replace the child the teacher .
do not replace the student the teacher .
do not replace the presidents the teacher .
the men do not replace the teacher .
the women the teacher do not replace .
do not replace the ministers the teacher .
the candidates do not replace the teacher .
the secretaries the teacher do not replace .
do not replace the teacher the commissioners .
the children do not replace the teacher .
the teacher do not replace the students .
the teacher the president do not exploit .
do not exploit the teacher the man .
do not exploit the teacher the woman .
do not exploit the minister the teacher .
the teacher do not exploit the candidate .
do not exploit the secretary the teacher .
the teacher do not exploit the commissioner .
the teacher do not exploit the child .
the teacher the student do not exploit .
do not exploit the teacher the presidents .
do not exploit the men the teacher .
the women the teacher do not exploit .
the ministers do not exploit the teacher .
do not exploit the teacher the candidates .
do not exploit the secretaries the teacher .
the teacher the commissioners do not exploit .
the children the teacher do not exploit .
the students the teacher do not exploit .
the student the president do not thank .
the student the man do not thank .
the woman do not thank the student .
do not thank the student the minister .
do not thank the student the candidate .
the student the secretary do not thank .
the student the commissioner do not thank .
the child do not thank the student .
the teacher the student do not thank .
the presidents do not thank the student .
do not thank the men the student .
do not thank the student the women .
the student do not thank the ministers .
the candidates do not thank the student .
the secretaries the student do not thank .
do not thank the student the commissioners .
the children the student do not thank .
the teachers the student do not thank .
the student do not support the president .
do not support the student the man .
the student do not support the woman .
do not support the student the minister .
the candidate the student do not support .
do not support the secretary the student .
the student the commissioner do not support .
do not support the student the child .
the student do not support the teacher .
do not support the presidents the student .
the men do not support the student .
the student do not support the women .
the student the ministers do not support .
the candidates the student do not support .
the secretaries do not support the student .
do not support the student the commissioners .
the children the student do not support .
the student the teachers do not support .
the president do not represent the student .
do not represent the man the student .
do not represent the student the woman .
the student the minister do not represent .
the candidate do not represent the student .
the student do not represent the secretary .
do not represent the student the commissioner .
the child do not represent the student .
do not represent the teacher the student .
the presidents the student do not represent .
the student the men do not represent .
do not represent the women the student .
do not represent the student the ministers .
the candidates do not represent the student .
do not represent the student the secretaries .
the student the commissioners do not represent .
do not represent the student the children .
do not represent the student the teachers .
the student do not defend the president .
do not defend the man the student .
the student the woman do not defend .
do not defend the minister the student .
the candidate the student do not defend .
the student do not defend the secretary .
the student do not defend the commissioner .
the child the student do not defend .
the student the teacher do not defend .
do not defend the presidents the student .
do not defend the men the student .
the student do not defend the women .
do not defend the student the ministers .
the candidates do not defend the student .
the secretaries the student do not defend .
the commissioners the student do not defend .
do not defend the student the children .
do not defend the teachers the student .
do not welcome the president the student .
the student the man do not welcome .
the woman the student do not welcome .
the minister do not welcome the student .
the student the candidate do not welcome .
the secretary do not welcome the student .
do not welcome the student the commissioner .
the child do not welcome the student .
the student do not welcome the teacher .
the student do not welcome the presidents .
the men the student do not welcome .
the women the student do not welcome .
do not welcome the student the ministers .
do not welcome the candidates the student .
the secretaries do not welcome the student .
do not welcome the student the commissioners .
the student the children do not welcome .
the student do not welcome the teachers .
the president the student do not invite .
the student the man do not invite .
the woman the student do not invite .
do not invite the student the minister .
do not invite the candidate the student .
the student do not invite the secretary .
the student do not invite the commissioner .
the student do not invite the child .
do not invite the teacher the student .
the student do not invite the presidents .
the men the student do not invite .
the women do not invite the student .
do not invite the student the ministers .
do not invite the candidates the student .
the secretaries do not invite the student .
do not invite the student the commissioners .
the student do not invite the children .
the teachers do not invite the student .
do not attack the president the student .
the man the student do not attack .
do not attack the student the woman .
the student do not attack the minister .
do not attack the candidate the student .
do not attack the student the secretary .
do not attack the student the commissioner .
the child the student do not attack .
the teacher the student do not attack .
do not attack the presidents the student .
the men do not attack the student .
do not attack the student the women .
the ministers do not attack the student .
the student the candidates do not attack .
the secretaries do not attack the student .
the student do not attack the commissioners .
do not attack the student the children .
do not attack the student the teachers .
the president do not respect the student .
the student do not respect the man .
do not respect the student the woman .
do not respect the minister the student .
the student do not respect the candidate .
the student do not respect the secretary .
the commissioner do not respect the student .
do not respect the child the student .
the teacher the student do not respect .
do not respect the student the presidents .
the men do not respect the student .
the women do not respect the student .
the student the ministers do not respect .
the candidates do not respect the student .
do not respect the secretaries the student .
the student the commissioners do not respect .
the children do not respect the student .
the student the teachers do not respect .
the student do not replace the president .
do not replace the man the student .
do not replace the woman the student .
do not replace the minister the student .
the student do not replace the candidate .
the student the secretary do not replace .
do not replace the student the commissioner .
the student do not replace the child .
the teacher the student do not replace .
the student do not replace the presidents .
do not replace the student the men .
the women do not replace the student .
the ministers the student do not replace .
do not replace the candidates the student .
the student do not replace the secretaries .
the student do not replace the commissioners .
the student the children do not replace .
the teachers do not replace the student .
do not exploit the president the student .
do not exploit the man the student .
the woman do not exploit the student .
the minister the student do not exploit .
do not exploit the candidate the student .
the secretary the student do not exploit .
do not exploit the student the commissioner .
the child do not exploit the student .
the teacher do not exploit the student .
the student do not exploit the presidents .
the student the men do not exploit .
the student do not exploit the women .
the student do not exploit the ministers .
do not exploit the candidates the student .
the secretaries do not exploit the student .
the student do not exploit the commissioners .
the student the children do not exploit .
the student do not exploit the teachers .
the man the presidents do not thank .
the presidents the woman do not thank .
do not thank the minister the presidents .
the candidate the presidents do not thank .
do not thank the presidents the secretary .
the commissioner do not thank the presidents .
the presidents the child do not thank .
do not thank the presidents the teacher .
do not thank the presidents the student .
the men do not thank the presidents .
do not thank the women the presidents .
do not thank the ministers the presidents .
the candidates do not thank the presidents .
do not thank the secretaries the presidents .
do not thank the presidents the commissioners .
do not thank the presidents the children .
do not thank the teachers the presidents .
the presidents the students do not thank .
do not support the man the presidents .
the presidents the woman do not support .
do not support the minister the presidents .
the presidents the candidate do not support .
do not support the presidents the secretary .
do not support the presidents the commissioner .
do not support the child the presidents .
the presidents do not support the teacher .
do not support the presidents the student .
do not support the men the presidents .
the presidents do not support the women .
do not support the ministers the presidents .
the presidents the candidates do not support .
the secretaries do not support the presidents .
the presidents the commissioners do not support .
the children do not support the presidents .
the presidents the teachers do not support .
the students do not support the presidents .
the presidents the man do not represent .
the presidents do not represent the woman .
do not represent the minister the presidents .
do not represent the candidate the presidents .
do not represent the presidents the secretary .
the presidents do not represent the commissioner .
the child do not represent the presidents .
the presidents do not represent the teacher .
the student the presidents do not represent .
do not represent the presidents the men .
the women do not represent the presidents .
do not represent the ministers the presidents .
the candidates do not represent the presidents .
the secretaries do not represent the presidents .
the presidents the commissioners do not represent .
do not represent the presidents the children .
the teachers the presidents do not represent .
the students the presidents do not represent .
the man do not defend the presidents .
do not defend the presidents the woman .
the minister do not defend the presidents .
the presidents do not defend the candidate .
the presidents the secretary do not defend .
the presidents the commissioner do not defend .
do not defend the child the presidents .
the presidents the teacher do not defend .
do not defend the presidents the student .
the men do not defend the presidents .
the women do not defend the presidents .
the ministers do not defend the presidents .
do not defend the candidates the presidents .
do not defend the presidents the secretaries .
do not defend the commissioners the presidents .
the children do not defend the presidents .
the teachers the presidents do not defend .
the students do not defend the presidents .
do not welcome the presidents the man .
the woman the presidents do not welcome .
the minister the presidents do not welcome .
the presidents the candidate do not welcome .
the secretary the presidents do not welcome .
the presidents do not welcome the commissioner .
do not welcome the child the presidents .
the presidents do not welcome the teacher .
the presidents do not welcome the student .
the presidents the men do not welcome .
the presidents the women do not welcome .
the presidents the ministers do not welcome .
do not welcome the presidents the candidates .
the secretaries do not welcome the presidents .
the presidents the commissioners do not welcome .
do not welcome the presidents the children .
the presidents the teachers do not welcome .
do not welcome the students the presidents .
the presidents the man do not invite .
do not invite the presidents the woman .
the minister the presidents do not invite .
the presidents the candidate do not invite .
the presidents the secretary do not invite .
the presidents the commissioner do not invite .
do not invite the presidents the child .
do not invite the teacher the presidents .
the presidents do not invite the student .
the men the presidents do not invite .
the presidents the women do not invite .
the ministers do not invite the presidents .
the presidents the candidates do not invite .
the secretaries do not invite the presidents .
do not invite the commissioners the presidents .
the presidents do not invite the children .
the presidents do not invite the teachers .
do not invite the presidents the students .
do not attack the presidents the man .
the presidents do not attack the woman .
the presidents the minister do not attack .
do not attack the candidate the presidents .
the presidents the secretary do not attack .
the presidents the commissioner do not attack .
the child do not attack the presidents .
the presidents do not attack the teacher .
the student the presidents do not attack .
the men the presidents do not attack .
do not attack the women the presidents .
the presidents the ministers do not attack .
the candidates the presidents do not attack .
the presidents the secretaries do not attack .
the presidents do not attack the commissioners .
the children the presidents do not attack .
do not attack the teachers the presidents .
the students the presidents do not attack .
the man the presidents do not respect .
the woman do not respect the presidents .
the minister the presidents do not respect .
do not respect the presidents the candidate .
the secretary the presidents do not respect .
do not respect the commissioner the presidents .
the presidents do not respect the child .
the presidents do not respect the teacher .
do not respect the student the presidents .
the men the presidents do not respect .
the presidents do not respect the women .
the presidents do not respect the ministers .
the presidents do not respect the candidates .
do not respect the secretaries the presidents .
the commissioners do not respect the presidents .
the presidents the children do not respect .
do not respect the presidents the teachers .
do not respect the presidents the students .
the presidents do not replace the man .
the presidents do not replace the woman .
do not replace the presidents the minister .
the presidents do not replace the candidate .
the secretary the presidents do not replace .
the commissioner do not replace the presidents .
the presidents the child do not replace .
the teacher the presidents do not replace .
do not replace the student the presidents .
do not replace the men the presidents .
the presidents do not replace the women .
the presidents the ministers do not replace .
the presidents do not replace the candidates .
the secretaries the presidents do not replace .
the commissioners do not replace the presidents .
the presidents the children do not replace .
the teachers the presidents do not replace .
the students do not replace the presidents .
do not exploit the man the presidents .
the woman the presidents do not exploit .
the presidents the minister do not exploit .
the candidate do not exploit the presidents .
do not exploit the secretary the presidents .
the presidents the commissioner do not exploit .
do not exploit the child the presidents .
do not exploit the teacher the presidents .
do not exploit the student the presidents .
the men do not exploit the presidents .
the women the presidents do not exploit .
the ministers the presidents do not exploit .
the candidates do not exploit the presidents .
the secretaries do not exploit the presidents .
do not exploit the presidents the commissioners .
the presidents do not exploit the children .
the presidents do not exploit the teachers .
do not exploit the presidents the students .
the president do not thank the men .
the men do not thank the woman .
do not thank the minister the men .
the men the candidate do not thank .
do not thank the secretary the men .
the men do not thank the commissioner .
the child do not thank the men .
do not thank the teacher the men .
the men do not thank the student .
the men the presidents do not thank .
do not thank the women the men .
the ministers do not thank the men .
the men do not thank the candidates .
the men do not thank the secretaries .
the commissioners do not thank the men .
do not thank the men the children .
do not thank the men the teachers .
the students do not thank the men .
the president the men do not support .
the men the woman do not support .
do not support the men the minister .
the men do not support the candidate .
the men do not support the secretary .
the commissioner the men do not support .
the men do not support the child .
do not support the men the teacher .
the men the student do not support .
the men the presidents do not support .
do not support the men the women .
the ministers the men do not support .
do not support the candidates the men .
do not support the men the secretaries .
the men do not support the commissioners .
do not support the children the men .
the men do not support the teachers .
do not support the men the students .
do not represent the men the president .
the woman the men do not represent .
the minister do not represent the men .
do not represent the men the candidate .
the secretary do not represent the men .
the commissioner do not represent the men .
the child do not represent the men .
the teacher do not represent the men .
the student the men do not represent .
the men do not represent the presidents .
the men do not represent the women .
do not represent the ministers the men .
the men do not represent the candidates .
the secretaries the men do not represent .
do not represent the commissioners the men .
the children the men do not represent .
the teachers do not represent the men .
do not represent the students the men .
the president do not defend the men .
do not defend the men the woman .
do not defend the men the minister .
the candidate do not defend the men .
the secretary the men do not defend .
do not defend the men the commissioner .
the child the men do not defend .
the teacher the men do not defend .
the men do not defend the student .
do not defend the presidents the men .
the men the women do not defend .
the ministers the men do not defend .
do not defend the candidates the men .
the secretaries do not defend the men .
the men do not defend the commissioners .
the men do not defend the children .
the teachers do not defend the men .
do not defend the men the students .
do not welcome the men the president .
do not welcome the men the woman .
the minister do not welcome the men .
the candidate the men do not welcome .
the secretary do not welcome the men .
the commissioner do not welcome the men .
the child the men do not welcome .
the teacher the men do not welcome .
do not welcome the men the student .
do not welcome the men the presidents .
the women do not welcome the men .
the men the ministers do not welcome .
the men do not welcome the candidates .
do not welcome the secretaries the men .
the commissioners do not welcome the men .
the men the children do not welcome .
the teachers the men do not welcome .
the students do not welcome the men .
the president the men do not invite .
do not invite the woman the men .
the minister do not invite the men .
do not invite the candidate the men .
do not invite the secretary the men .
the commissioner the men do not invite .
the men do not invite the child .
the men the teacher do not invite .
the student the men do not invite .
the presidents the men do not invite .
the men do not invite the women .
the ministers do not invite the men .
the candidates the men do not invite .
do not invite the men the secretaries .
the men do not invite the commissioners .
the men the children do not invite .
do not invite the teachers the men .
do not invite the men the students .
the men the president do not attack .
the men do not attack the woman .
the minister do not attack the men .
the men the candidate do not attack .
the secretary do not attack the men .
do not attack the men the commissioner .
the men the child do not attack .
the men do not attack the teacher .
the men the student do not attack .
the men do not attack the presidents .
do not attack the men the women .
the men do not attack the ministers .
the men do not attack the candidates .
the men do not attack the secretaries .
the commissioners do not attack the men .
the men do not attack the children .
the men do not attack the teachers .
the students the men do not attack .
the president the men do not respect .
the woman do not respect the men .
do not respect the men the minister .
the candidate do not respect the men .
the men the secretary do not respect .
the men the commissioner do not respect .
do not respect the men the child .
do not respect the men the teacher .
do not respect the student the men .
do not respect the men the presidents .
the men the women do not respect .
the men the ministers do not respect .
the candidates do not respect the men .
do not respect the men the secretaries .
the men the commissioners do not respect .
the men the children do not respect .
the men do not respect the teachers .
the men the students do not respect .
the men do not replace the president .
do not replace the woman the men .
do not replace the men the minister .
the men do not replace the candidate .
do not replace the secretary the men .
do not replace the commissioner the men .
do not replace the child the men .
do not replace the teacher the men .
the men the student do not replace .
the presidents do not replace the men .
do not replace the women the men .
do not replace the ministers the men .
the candidates the men do not replace .
the secretaries the men do not replace .
the men do not replace the commissioners .
the men the children do not replace .
the teachers do not replace the men .
the students the men do not replace .
the president do not exploit the men .
the woman the men do not exploit .
the minister the men do not exploit .
do not exploit the men the candidate .
the secretary the men do not exploit .
the commissioner do not exploit the men .
the men the child do not exploit .
the men the teacher do not exploit .
the student do not exploit the men .
the men do not exploit the presidents .
the women the men do not exploit .
do not exploit the men the ministers .
do not exploit the men the candidates .
do not exploit the secretaries the men .
do not exploit the men the commissioners .
the men do not exploit the children .
the men the teachers do not exploit .
do not exploit the men the students .
the president the women do not thank .
the women the man do not thank .
the minister do not thank the women .
the women do not thank the candidate .
the secretary do not thank the women .
the commissioner do not thank the women .
do not thank the women the child .
do not thank the women the teacher .
the women do not thank the student .
the presidents the women do not thank .
the men do not thank the women .
the ministers do not thank the women .
the candidates do not thank the women .
the women do not thank the secretaries .
do not thank the commissioners the women .
the women do not thank the children .
do not thank the women the teachers .
the women do not thank the students .
the president the women do not support .
the man the women do not support .
do not support the women the minister .
the candidate do not support the women .
do not support the secretary the women .
do not support the women the commissioner .
the women do not support the child .
do not support the teacher the women .
the women do not support the student .
the presidents do not support the women .
do not support the women the men .
do not support the women the ministers .
the candidates do not support the women .
the women do not support the secretaries .
the commissioners do not support the women .
do not support the women the children .
do not support the teachers the women .
the students the women do not support .
the president the women do not represent .
the women do not represent the man .
the minister the women do not represent .
do not represent the women the candidate .
the women do not represent the secretary .
the commissioner the women do not represent .
the child do not represent the women .
do not represent the women the teacher .
do not represent the women the student .
the women the presidents do not represent .
do not represent the women the men .
do not represent the women the ministers .
do not represent the candidates the women .
the women do not represent the secretaries .
the commissioners the women do not represent .
the women the children do not represent .
do not represent the teachers the women .
the women the students do not represent .
do not defend the president the women .
do not defend the women the man .
the minister the women do not defend .
the candidate the women do not defend .
the secretary the women do not defend .
the commissioner the women do not defend .
the child do not defend the women .
the teacher the women do not defend .
the women do not defend the student .
the presidents the women do not defend .
the women the men do not defend .
do not defend the ministers the women .
the candidates the women do not defend .
do not defend the secretaries the women .
do not defend the commissioners the women .
do not defend the women the children .
do not defend the teachers the women .
the students the women do not defend .
do not welcome the president the women .
the women do not welcome the man .
the minister do not welcome the women .
the candidate do not welcome the women .
do not welcome the secretary the women .
do not welcome the women the commissioner .
the women the child do not welcome .
do not welcome the teacher the women .
the women do not welcome the student .
the women do not welcome the presidents .
do not welcome the men the women .
the ministers do not welcome the women .
the candidates do not welcome the women .
do not welcome the secretaries the women .
the commissioners do not welcome the women .
do not welcome the women the children .
the teachers the women do not welcome .
the students the women do not welcome .
the president the women do not invite .
the man the women do not invite .
the women do not invite the minister .
the candidate the women do not invite .
the secretary do not invite the women .
the commissioner do not invite the women .
the women do not invite the child .
do not invite the women the teacher .
the women do not invite the student .
the women do not invite the presidents .
the women do not invite the men .
do not invite the women the ministers .
the women do not invite the candidates .
do not invite the women the secretaries .
do not invite the women the commissioners .
do not invite the children the women .
the women the teachers do not invite .
the women the students do not invite .
do not attack the president the women .
the women do not attack the man .
do not attack the women the minister .
do not attack the candidate the women .
do not attack the women the secretary .
the commissioner the women do not attack .
do not attack the child the women .
the teacher the women do not attack .
do not attack the women the student .
do not attack the women the presidents .
the women do not attack the men .
the women the ministers do not attack .
the candidates do not attack the women .
do not attack the women the secretaries .
the commissioners the women do not attack .
the women the children do not attack .
the women the teachers do not attack .
do not attack the students the women .
do not respect the president the women .
the women the man do not respect .
the minister do not respect the women .
do not respect the candidate the women .
do not respect the women the secretary .
do not respect the commissioner the women .
do not respect the women the child .
the women the teacher do not respect .
the student do not respect the women .
do not respect the women the presidents .
the men the women do not respect .
the ministers do not respect the women .
the candidates do not respect the women .
the women the secretaries do not respect .
the commissioners do not respect the women .
do not respect the women the children .
the teachers the women do not respect .
the students do not respect the women .
the women the president do not replace .
do not replace the women the man .
do not replace the women the minister .
do not replace the candidate the women .
do not replace the secretary the women .
the commissioner the women do not replace .
the child the women do not replace .
the teacher the women do not replace .
the student do not replace the women .
do not replace the presidents the women .
the men do not replace the women .
the ministers do not replace the women .
the women the candidates do not replace .
the women the secretaries do not replace .
the commissioners the women do not replace .
do not replace the children the women .
the women do not replace the teachers .
the students the women do not replace .
the women do not exploit the president .
the man do not exploit the women .
do not exploit the women the minister .
the candidate do not exploit the women .
the secretary do not exploit the women .
do not exploit the commissioner the women .
the child the women do not exploit .
do not exploit the teacher the women .
do not exploit the women the student .
the women do not exploit the presidents .
the men do not exploit the women .
the women do not exploit the ministers .
do not exploit the women the candidates .
the secretaries do not exploit the women .
the women the commissioners do not exploit .
do not exploit the children the women .
the teachers the women do not exploit .
the women the students do not exploit .
the ministers the president do not thank .
the ministers do not thank the man .
the woman do not thank the ministers .
the ministers the candidate do not thank .
the ministers do not thank the secretary .
the ministers do not thank the commissioner .
do not thank the ministers the child .
do not thank the ministers the teacher .
do not thank the student the ministers .
the presidents do not thank the ministers .
do not thank the ministers the men .
the ministers the women do not thank .
do not thank the ministers the candidates .
the secretaries do not thank the ministers .
do not thank the commissioners the ministers .
do not thank the ministers the children .
do not thank the teachers the ministers .
the ministers do not thank the students .
the president do not support the ministers .
do not support the man the ministers .
the ministers the woman do not support .
do not support the candidate the ministers .
the ministers do not support the secretary .
the commissioner the ministers do not support .
do not support the ministers the child .
the ministers the teacher do not support .
do not support the ministers the student .
the ministers do not support the presidents .
the ministers the men do not support .
the women do not support the ministers .
the ministers the candidates do not support .
the secretaries do not support the ministers .
the ministers the commissioners do not support .
the children do not support the ministers .
do not support the ministers the teachers .
the students the ministers do not support .
the ministers do not represent the president .
the ministers the man do not represent .
the ministers the woman do not represent .
the ministers do not represent the candidate .
the ministers do not represent the secretary .
the commissioner the ministers do not represent .
the child the ministers do not represent .
do not represent the ministers the teacher .
the student the ministers do not represent .
the presidents do not represent the ministers .
the ministers do not represent the men .
the women the ministers do not represent .
the ministers the candidates do not represent .
do not represent the ministers the secretaries .
do not represent the commissioners the ministers .
do not represent the ministers the children .
the teachers do not represent the ministers .
the students the ministers do not represent .
the ministers the president do not defend .
the man do not defend the ministers .
the ministers do not defend the woman .
the ministers do not defend the candidate .
the ministers do not defend the secretary .
do not defend the commissioner the ministers .
do not defend the ministers the child .
the teacher do not defend the ministers .
the ministers do not defend the student .
the presidents the ministers do not defend .
the men the ministers do not defend .
the women the ministers do not defend .
the candidates the ministers do not defend .
do not defend the ministers the secretaries .
the commissioners do not defend the ministers .
do not defend the children the ministers .
do not defend the teachers the ministers .
the ministers the students do not defend .
do not welcome the ministers the president .
the man do not welcome the ministers .
do not welcome the woman the ministers .
the candidate the ministers do not welcome .
the secretary the ministers do not welcome .
the commissioner the ministers do not welcome .
do not welcome the ministers the child .
the teacher do not welcome the ministers .
the ministers do not welcome the student .
the presidents the ministers do not welcome .
the men the ministers do not welcome .
the ministers do not welcome the women .
do not welcome the ministers the candidates .
the secretaries the ministers do not welcome .
do not welcome the commissioners the ministers .
the children do not welcome the ministers .
do not welcome the ministers the teachers .
do not welcome the ministers the students .
the ministers the president do not invite .
the man do not invite the ministers .
do not invite the ministers the woman .
the candidate the ministers do not invite .
the secretary do not invite the ministers .
do not invite the ministers the commissioner .
do not invite the ministers the child .
the ministers the teacher do not invite .
do not invite the ministers the student .
the ministers the presidents do not invite .
do not invite the ministers the men .
do not invite the women the ministers .
the candidates do not invite the ministers .
the ministers the secretaries do not invite .
do not invite the ministers the commissioners .
do not invite the children the ministers .
the ministers do not invite the teachers .
the students the ministers do not invite .
the ministers do not attack the president .
do not attack the ministers the man .
the ministers do not attack the woman .
the candidate do not attack the ministers .
do not attack the secretary the ministers .
the commissioner do not attack the ministers .
the child the ministers do not attack .
the ministers the teacher do not attack .
do not attack the ministers the student .
the presidents do not attack the ministers .
the ministers the men do not attack .
the ministers the women do not attack .
do not attack the candidates the ministers .
the ministers the secretaries do not attack .
the commissioners do not attack the ministers .
the ministers the children do not attack .
the teachers the ministers do not attack .
do not attack the students the ministers .
do not respect the president the ministers .
the ministers the man do not respect .
do not respect the ministers the woman .
the ministers the candidate do not respect .
do not respect the ministers the secretary .
the commissioner do not respect the ministers .
do not respect the ministers the child .
do not respect the ministers the teacher .
do not respect the ministers the student .
do not respect the ministers the presidents .
the men do not respect the ministers .
the ministers do not respect the women .
the candidates do not respect the ministers .
do not respect the secretaries the ministers .
the ministers do not respect the commissioners .
the ministers the children do not respect .
the teachers the ministers do not respect .
the ministers the students do not respect .
the ministers the president do not replace .
the ministers the man do not replace .
the ministers do not replace the woman .
the ministers do not replace the candidate .
the secretary the ministers do not replace .
do not replace the commissioner the ministers .
the ministers the child do not replace .
the teacher do not replace the ministers .
the ministers do not replace the student .
do not replace the presidents the ministers .
the ministers do not replace the men .
the women do not replace the ministers .
do not replace the candidates the ministers .
the secretaries do not replace the ministers .
do not replace the commissioners the ministers .
do not replace the children the ministers .
the ministers do not replace the teachers .
the students do not replace the ministers .
the ministers the president do not exploit .
do not exploit the man the ministers .
the ministers do not exploit the woman .
the candidate do not exploit the ministers .
the ministers do not exploit the secretary .
the ministers the commissioner do not exploit .
the ministers do not exploit the child .
the ministers do not exploit the teacher .
the ministers the student do not exploit .
the ministers do not exploit the presidents .
the ministers do not exploit the men .
the women the ministers do not exploit .
the ministers the candidates do not exploit .
do not exploit the secretaries the ministers .
the commissioners the ministers do not exploit .
do not exploit the ministers the children .
the ministers the teachers do not exploit .
the ministers do not exploit the students .
do not thank the president the candidates .
the man do not thank the candidates .
the woman the candidates do not thank .
the candidates the minister do not thank .
do not thank the candidates the secretary .
the candidates the commissioner do not thank .
the child the candidates do not thank .
the candidates the teacher do not thank .
do not thank the candidates the student .
the candidates the presidents do not thank .
the men do not thank the candidates .
the candidates do not thank the women .
the candidates the ministers do not thank .
the candidates do not thank the secretaries .
do not thank the candidates the commissioners .
the children the candidates do not thank .
the candidates the teachers do not thank .
the students the candidates do not thank .
do not support the president the candidates .
the candidates the man do not support .
do not support the candidates the woman .
the candidates do not support the minister .
do not support the secretary the candidates .
the candidates the commissioner do not support .
the child the candidates do not support .
do not support the candidates the teacher .
the student do not support the candidates .
the presidents do not support the candidates .
the candidates do not support the men .
the women the candidates do not support .
the ministers the candidates do not support .
the candidates do not support the secretaries .
the commissioners the candidates do not support .
the children the candidates do not support .
the candidates the teachers do not support .
the students the candidates do not support .
the president do not represent the candidates .
the candidates do not represent the man .
the woman the candidates do not represent .
do not represent the minister the candidates .
do not represent the candidates the secretary .
the candidates do not represent the commissioner .
do not represent the candidates the child .
the teacher the candidates do not represent .
do not represent the candidates the student .
the presidents do not represent the candidates .
do not represent the candidates the men .
the women do not represent the candidates .
do not represent the candidates the ministers .
the secretaries the candidates do not represent .
the commissioners do not represent the candidates .
do not represent the children the candidates .
do not represent the teachers the candidates .
do not represent the students the candidates .
do not defend the candidates the president .
the candidates the man do not defend .
do not defend the woman the candidates .
the minister do not defend the candidates .
do not defend the candidates the secretary .
do not defend the commissioner the candidates .
do not defend the candidates the child .
the candidates the teacher do not defend .
the candidates the student do not defend .
do not defend the presidents the candidates .
the men do not defend the candidates .
do not defend the women the candidates .
the ministers do not defend the candidates .
do not defend the candidates the secretaries .
the commissioners the candidates do not defend .
the candidates do not defend the children .
do not defend the teachers the candidates .
the candidates do not defend the students .
the candidates the president do not welcome .
the candidates do not welcome the man .
the candidates the woman do not welcome .
do not welcome the minister the candidates .
the candidates the secretary do not welcome .
do not welcome the candidates the commissioner .
the candidates do not welcome the child .
the candidates the teacher do not welcome .
the student do not welcome the candidates .
do not welcome the presidents the candidates .
the men the candidates do not welcome .
the women the candidates do not welcome .
the candidates the ministers do not welcome .
do not welcome the secretaries the candidates .
do not welcome the candidates the commissioners .
the candidates the children do not welcome .
the teachers do not welcome the candidates .
the candidates the students do not welcome .
do not invite the president the candidates .
do not invite the candidates the man .
the woman do not invite the candidates .
the candidates do not invite the minister .
the candidates the secretary do not invite .
the commissioner do not invite the candidates .
the child the candidates do not invite .
the candidates do not invite the teacher .
do not invite the candidates the student .
the candidates the presidents do not invite .
do not invite the men the candidates .
do not invite the women the candidates .
the candidates the ministers do not invite .
the candidates do not invite the secretaries .
the commissioners do not invite the candidates .
do not invite the candidates the children .
do not invite the candidates the teachers .
do not invite the students the candidates .
the president the candidates do not attack .
do not attack the candidates the man .
the candidates do not attack the woman .
the minister the candidates do not attack .
the candidates the secretary do not attack .
the commissioner do not attack the candidates .
the candidates do not attack the child .
the teacher the candidates do not attack .
the student do not attack the candidates .
the presidents do not attack the candidates .
do not attack the men the candidates .
do not attack the women the candidates .
the ministers the candidates do not attack .
do not attack the candidates the secretaries .
the commissioners do not attack the candidates .
the candidates the children do not attack .
do not attack the candidates the teachers .
the students do not attack the candidates .
do not respect the candidates the president .
the candidates do not respect the man .
do not respect the candidates the woman .
the candidates do not respect the minister .
the candidates the secretary do not respect .
do not respect the candidates the commissioner .
do not respect the candidates the child .
the teacher do not respect the candidates .
the candidates do not respect the student .
the presidents the candidates do not respect .
the candidates do not respect the men .
the women do not respect the candidates .
do not respect the ministers the candidates .
the candidates the secretaries do not respect .
the candidates the commissioners do not respect .
the candidates do not respect the children .
the candidates the teachers do not respect .
the students the candidates do not respect .
the candidates do not replace the president .
do not replace the man the candidates .
the candidates do not replace the woman .
the candidates do not replace the minister .
the candidates the secretary do not replace .
the candidates the commissioner do not replace .
the candidates do not replace the child .
the candidates do not replace the teacher .
do not replace the candidates the student .
the presidents do not replace the candidates .
the men the candidates do not replace .
the candidates the women do not replace .
the candidates the ministers do not replace .
the candidates the secretaries do not replace .
the commissioners the candidates do not replace .
the children the candidates do not replace .
the candidates do not replace the teachers .
the candidates do not replace the students .
do not exploit the candidates the president .
do not exploit the candidates the man .
the woman the candidates do not exploit .
the minister the candidates do not exploit .
the secretary the candidates do not exploit .
the candidates the commissioner do not exploit .
do not exploit the child the candidates .
the candidates do not exploit the teacher .
do not exploit the student the candidates .
the presidents the candidates do not exploit .
do not exploit the candidates the men .
do not exploit the women the candidates .
the candidates the ministers do not exploit .
the candidates do not exploit the secretaries .
the commissioners do not exploit the candidates .
do not exploit the candidates the children .
the teachers the candidates do not exploit .
the candidates do not exploit the students .
the secretaries do not thank the president .
the secretaries the man do not thank .
the secretaries do not thank the woman .
the secretaries the minister do not thank .
do not thank the secretaries the candidate .
the commissioner do not thank the secretaries .
the secretaries the child do not thank .
the teacher the secretaries do not thank .
the student the secretaries do not thank .
the presidents do not thank the secretaries .
the secretaries do not thank the men .
the women do not thank the secretaries .
do not thank the secretaries the ministers .
the secretaries do not thank the candidates .
the secretaries the commissioners do not thank .
the children do not thank the secretaries .
the secretaries do not thank the teachers .
the students do not thank the secretaries .
the president the secretaries do not support .
do not support the secretaries the man .
the secretaries do not support the woman .
the secretaries the minister do not support .
the candidate do not support the secretaries .
the commissioner do not support the secretaries .
the secretaries do not support the child .
the teacher do not support the secretaries .
the secretaries do not support the student .
do not support the secretaries the presidents .
the men do not support the secretaries .
do not support the women the secretaries .
the secretaries do not support the ministers .
the secretaries the candidates do not support .
the commissioners the secretaries do not support .
the secretaries do not support the children .
do not support the teachers the secretaries .
the students the secretaries do not support .
do not represent the secretaries the president .
do not represent the secretaries the man .
do not represent the woman the secretaries .
the secretaries do not represent the minister .
the secretaries the candidate do not represent .
the commissioner do not represent the secretaries .
the child the secretaries do not represent .
do not represent the secretaries the teacher .
the student do not represent the secretaries .
do not represent the presidents the secretaries .
the secretaries the men do not represent .
the women the secretaries do not represent .
the secretaries the ministers do not represent .
the secretaries the candidates do not represent .
the commissioners the secretaries do not represent .
do not represent the children the secretaries .
the teachers the secretaries do not represent .
the students do not represent the secretaries .
the president the secretaries do not defend .
do not defend the man the secretaries .
do not defend the woman the secretaries .
do not defend the secretaries the minister .
the secretaries the candidate do not defend .
the secretaries do not defend the commissioner .
the secretaries the child do not defend .
the secretaries the teacher do not defend .
do not defend the secretaries the student .
the presidents do not defend the secretaries .
do not defend the men the secretaries .
do not defend the women the secretaries .
the ministers do not defend the secretaries .
the secretaries do not defend the candidates .
the commissioners do not defend the secretaries .
do not defend the secretaries the children .
do not defend the teachers the secretaries .
the secretaries the students do not defend .
the secretaries do not welcome the president .
the secretaries do not welcome the man .
the secretaries the woman do not welcome .
the minister do not welcome the secretaries .
do not welcome the candidate the secretaries .
the commissioner do not welcome the secretaries .
the child the secretaries do not welcome .
the teacher the secretaries do not welcome .
the student the secretaries do not welcome .
the presidents do not welcome the secretaries .
the secretaries do not welcome the men .
do not welcome the secretaries the women .
the secretaries do not welcome the ministers .
the candidates do not welcome the secretaries .
the secretaries the commissioners do not welcome .
do not welcome the children the secretaries .
the teachers the secretaries do not welcome .
the secretaries the students do not welcome .
do not invite the president the secretaries .
do not invite the secretaries the man .
the secretaries do not invite the woman .
do not invite the secretaries the minister .
do not invite the candidate the secretaries .
the secretaries do not invite the commissioner .
the secretaries do not invite the child .
the secretaries the teacher do not invite .
do not invite the student the secretaries .
the secretaries the presidents do not invite .
the men the secretaries do not invite .
do not invite the women the secretaries .
do not invite the secretaries the ministers .
the secretaries the candidates do not invite .
the commissioners do not invite the secretaries .
do not invite the children the secretaries .
do not invite the secretaries the teachers .
the students the secretaries do not invite .
do not attack the president the secretaries .
the man do not attack the secretaries .
the woman do not attack the secretaries .
the secretaries do not attack the minister .
the candidate do not attack the secretaries .
the commissioner do not attack the secretaries .
the child do not attack the secretaries .
the teacher do not attack the secretaries .
the secretaries the student do not attack .
the presidents the secretaries do not attack .
the men do not attack the secretaries .
the secretaries the women do not attack .
the ministers the secretaries do not attack .
do not attack the candidates the secretaries .
the commissioners do not attack the secretaries .
do not attack the children the secretaries .
the secretaries do not attack the teachers .
the students the secretaries do not attack .
do not respect the president the secretaries .
the man the secretaries do not respect .
the secretaries the woman do not respect .
the minister do not respect the secretaries .
the secretaries the candidate do not respect .
the commissioner the secretaries do not respect .
the secretaries do not respect the child .
do not respect the teacher the secretaries .
the secretaries do not respect the student .
the secretaries do not respect the presidents .
the men do not respect the secretaries .
the secretaries the women do not respect .
the secretaries the ministers do not respect .
the candidates do not respect the secretaries .
the commissioners do not respect the secretaries .
do not respect the children the secretaries .
do not respect the secretaries the teachers .
the secretaries the students do not respect .
do not replace the secretaries the president .
the man do not replace the secretaries .
the secretaries the woman do not replace .
the minister the secretaries do not replace .
the secretaries do not replace the candidate .
the commissioner the secretaries do not replace .
do not replace the child the secretaries .
the secretaries do not replace the teacher .
the student the secretaries do not replace .
the presidents do not replace the secretaries .
the secretaries do not replace the men .
the women the secretaries do not replace .
the secretaries do not replace the ministers .
the candidates the secretaries do not replace .
the secretaries do not replace the commissioners .
the children the secretaries do not replace .
the teachers do not replace the secretaries .
do not replace the secretaries the students .
the secretaries do not exploit the president .
do not exploit the secretaries the man .
do not exploit the secretaries the woman .
do not exploit the minister the secretaries .
do not exploit the secretaries the candidate .
do not exploit the commissioner the secretaries .
the secretaries the child do not exploit .
do not exploit the secretaries the teacher .
do not exploit the student the secretaries .
do not exploit the secretaries the presidents .
the secretaries do not exploit the men .
do not exploit the women the secretaries .
the ministers the secretaries do not exploit .
the secretaries the candidates do not exploit .
the secretaries do not exploit the commissioners .
the secretaries do not exploit the children .
do not exploit the secretaries the teachers .
do not exploit the students the secretaries .
the president do not thank the commissioners .
do not thank the commissioners the man .
the woman the commissioners do not thank .
do not thank the commissioners the minister .
do not thank the commissioners the candidate .
the secretary do not thank the commissioners .
do not thank the child the commissioners .
the commissioners do not thank the teacher .
do not thank the commissioners the student .
the commissioners do not thank the presidents .
the men do not thank the commissioners .
do not thank the commissioners the women .
do not thank the commissioners the ministers .
the commissioners do not thank the candidates .
do not thank the secretaries the commissioners .
do not thank the children the commissioners .
the teachers do not thank the commissioners .
the students the commissioners do not thank .
do not support the president the commissioners .
the man do not support the commissioners .
do not support the commissioners the woman .
do not support the commissioners the minister .
do not support the candidate the commissioners .
the commissioners do not support the secretary .
the child the commissioners do not support .
the commissioners do not support the teacher .
do not support the student the commissioners .
the presidents do not support the commissioners .
the commissioners do not support the men .
the women the commissioners do not support .
the commissioners do not support the ministers .
the commissioners do not support the candidates .
do not support the secretaries the commissioners .
do not support the commissioners the children .
do not support the commissioners the teachers .
the commissioners do not support the students .
the commissioners do not represent the president .
the man do not represent the commissioners .
do not represent the woman the commissioners .
do not represent the commissioners the minister .
do not represent the candidate the commissioners .
the secretary the commissioners do not represent .
do not represent the child the commissioners .
do not represent the commissioners the teacher .
the commissioners do not represent the student .
the commissioners the presidents do not represent .
the commissioners the men do not represent .
the women the commissioners do not represent .
the ministers the commissioners do not represent .
the candidates the commissioners do not represent .
the commissioners do not represent the secretaries .
the commissioners the children do not represent .
the commissioners the teachers do not represent .
the students do not represent the commissioners .
the president do not defend the commissioners .
do not defend the commissioners the man .
do not defend the commissioners the woman .
do not defend the commissioners the minister .
the commissioners do not defend the candidate .
the secretary do not defend the commissioners .
do not defend the child the commissioners .
do not defend the commissioners the teacher .
the commissioners do not defend the student .
the presidents the commissioners do not defend .
do not defend the men the commissioners .
do not defend the women the commissioners .
the ministers the commissioners do not defend .
do not defend the commissioners the candidates .
do not defend the commissioners the secretaries .
the commissioners the children do not defend .
do not defend the teachers the commissioners .
the commissioners the students do not defend .
do not welcome the commissioners the president .
the commissioners do not welcome the man .
the commissioners the woman do not welcome .
the minister do not welcome the commissioners .
the candidate do not welcome the commissioners .
the commissioners the secretary do not welcome .
do not welcome the child the commissioners .
the commissioners do not welcome the teacher .
the commissioners the student do not welcome .
do not welcome the presidents the commissioners .
the commissioners do not welcome the men .
do not welcome the commissioners the women .
the commissioners the ministers do not welcome .
the candidates do not welcome the commissioners .
the commissioners do not welcome the secretaries .
the children do not welcome the commissioners .
the commissioners the teachers do not welcome .
do not welcome the students the commissioners .
the commissioners do not invite the president .
do not invite the man the commissioners .
the woman the commissioners do not invite .
the commissioners do not invite the minister .
do not invite the commissioners the candidate .
the secretary do not invite the commissioners .
do not invite the commissioners the child .
do not invite the commissioners the teacher .
the commissioners the student do not invite .
the commissioners the presidents do not invite .
the men the commissioners do not invite .
the women do not invite the commissioners .
do not invite the commissioners the ministers .
do not invite the commissioners the candidates .
the secretaries the commissioners do not invite .
the children the commissioners do not invite .
do not invite the teachers the commissioners .
the commissioners do not invite the students .
the commissioners do not attack the president .
do not attack the commissioners the man .
the commissioners the woman do not attack .
do not attack the commissioners the minister .
do not attack the candidate the commissioners .
the secretary the commissioners do not attack .
do not attack the child the commissioners .
do not attack the commissioners the teacher .
do not attack the student the commissioners .
the commissioners the presidents do not attack .
the commissioners the men do not attack .
the women do not attack the commissioners .
the ministers the commissioners do not attack .
do not attack the commissioners the candidates .
the commissioners the secretaries do not attack .
the commissioners the children do not attack .
the teachers do not attack the commissioners .
the students do not attack the commissioners .
do not respect the president the commissioners .
the commissioners the man do not respect .
the woman the commissioners do not respect .
do not respect the minister the commissioners .
the candidate the commissioners do not respect .
the secretary the commissioners do not respect .
the commissioners the child do not respect .
the teacher the commissioners do not respect .
do not respect the commissioners the student .
the commissioners the presidents do not respect .
the commissioners the men do not respect .
the commissioners the women do not respect .
do not respect the ministers the commissioners .
the commissioners do not respect the candidates .
do not respect the commissioners the secretaries .
the commissioners do not respect the children .
do not respect the commissioners the teachers .
the students the commissioners do not respect .
the commissioners do not replace the president .
do not replace the commissioners the man .
the woman do not replace the commissioners .
do not replace the minister the commissioners .
the commissioners the candidate do not replace .
the commissioners do not replace the secretary .
do not replace the commissioners the child .
the teacher do not replace the commissioners .
the student the commissioners do not replace .
the presidents the commissioners do not replace .
the commissioners the men do not replace .
the commissioners do not replace the women .
do not replace the ministers the commissioners .
the candidates do not replace the commissioners .
the secretaries do not replace the commissioners .
the commissioners the children do not replace .
the commissioners do not replace the teachers .
the commissioners do not replace the students .
the president the commissioners do not exploit .
do not exploit the man the commissioners .
the commissioners the woman do not exploit .
do not exploit the commissioners the minister .
the candidate do not exploit the commissioners .
the commissioners the secretary do not exploit .
the child do not exploit the commissioners .
the commissioners the teacher do not exploit .
the commissioners do not exploit the student .
do not exploit the presidents the commissioners .
do not exploit the commissioners the men .
the women the commissioners do not exploit .
the ministers do not exploit the commissioners .
do not exploit the commissioners the candidates .
do not exploit the commissioners the secretaries .
the children the commissioners do not exploit .
the teachers do not exploit the commissioners .
the students do not exploit the commissioners .
the president do not thank the children .
the children the man do not thank .
the children the woman do not thank .
do not thank the minister the children .
do not thank the candidate the children .
do not thank the secretary the children .
the commissioner the children do not thank .
the children the teacher do not thank .
do not thank the children the student .
the presidents do not thank the children .
the children do not thank the men .
do not thank the children the women .
the ministers the children do not thank .
the candidates do not thank the children .
the children the secretaries do not thank .
do not thank the commissioners the children .
the teachers the children do not thank .
do not thank the students the children .
do not support the president the children .
do not support the children the man .
do not support the children the woman .
the minister the children do not support .
do not support the children the candidate .
do not support the children the secretary .
the children the commissioner do not support .
the children do not support the teacher .
the student the children do not support .
the presidents the children do not support .
the children the men do not support .
the women the children do not support .
the ministers the children do not support .
do not support the children the candidates .
do not support the children the secretaries .
the children the commissioners do not support .
the children do not support the teachers .
the children do not support the students .
the children do not represent the president .
the man the children do not represent .
the woman the children do not represent .
the minister do not represent the children .
the children the candidate do not represent .
the secretary the children do not represent .
the children the commissioner do not represent .
the teacher the children do not represent .
the children the student do not represent .
the children do not represent the presidents .
the men the children do not represent .
the children do not represent the women .
do not represent the ministers the children .
the candidates do not represent the children .
the children do not represent the secretaries .
do not represent the commissioners the children .
do not represent the children the teachers .
do not represent the students the children .
do not defend the president the children .
do not defend the children the man .
do not defend the children the woman .
do not defend the minister the children .
the candidate the children do not defend .
the children the secretary do not defend .
the commissioner do not defend the children .
the teacher do not defend the children .
do not defend the children the student .
do not defend the presidents the children .
the men do not defend the children .
do not defend the children the women .
the ministers do not defend the children .
do not defend the children the candidates .
the secretaries do not defend the children .
the commissioners the children do not defend .
the teachers the children do not defend .
do not defend the students the children .
the children the president do not welcome .
the man the children do not welcome .
do not welcome the children the woman .
do not welcome the children the minister .
the children the candidate do not welcome .
the children the secretary do not welcome .
do not welcome the children the commissioner .
the children do not welcome the teacher .
the student the children do not welcome .
do not welcome the presidents the children .
the children do not welcome the men .
the women the children do not welcome .
the ministers do not welcome the children .
the candidates do not welcome the children .
the secretaries do not welcome the children .
the children do not welcome the commissioners .
the children do not welcome the teachers .
the children the students do not welcome .
do not invite the president the children .
the man do not invite the children .
do not invite the woman the children .
do not invite the minister the children .
the candidate the children do not invite .
do not invite the children the secretary .
the commissioner do not invite the children .
the teacher do not invite the children .
do not invite the student the children .
the children the presidents do not invite .
the children do not invite the men .
the children do not invite the women .
the children the ministers do not invite .
do not invite the children the candidates .
the children the secretaries do not invite .
do not invite the children the commissioners .
the children do not invite the teachers .
the children do not invite the students .
the president do not attack the children .
the children the man do not attack .
the children the woman do not attack .
the minister do not attack the children .
the candidate do not attack the children .
the children do not attack the secretary .
the children do not attack the commissioner .
the children the teacher do not attack .
the children the student do not attack .
do not attack the children the presidents .
do not attack the men the children .
the children do not attack the women .
the children the ministers do not attack .
do not attack the children the candidates .
do not attack the secretaries the children .
the children the commissioners do not attack .
do not attack the children the teachers .
the children the students do not attack .
the children the president do not respect .
do not respect the man the children .
the children the woman do not respect .
do not respect the children the minister .
do not respect the candidate the children .
the secretary the children do not respect .
the commissioner the children do not respect .
do not respect the teacher the children .
the children the student do not respect .
do not respect the children the presidents .
the children the men do not respect .
the women do not respect the children .
the ministers the children do not respect .
do not respect the candidates the children .
the secretaries the children do not respect .
the commissioners the children do not respect .
the teachers the children do not respect .
do not respect the students the children .
do not replace the children the president .
do not replace the man the children .
the children the woman do not replace .
do not replace the children the minister .
the children do not replace the candidate .
the children the secretary do not replace .
the children the commissioner do not replace .
the children do not replace the teacher .
do not replace the student the children .
do not replace the children the presidents .
do not replace the men the children .
the women do not replace the children .
do not replace the children the ministers .
the candidates do not replace the children .
do not replace the secretaries the children .
the children do not replace the commissioners .
the children do not replace the teachers .
the students the children do not replace .
the president do not exploit the children .
the children do not exploit the man .
do not exploit the woman the children .
do not exploit the children the minister .
do not exploit the candidate the children .
the secretary do not exploit the children .
the children the commissioner do not exploit .
the teacher the children do not exploit .
the student the children do not exploit .
the children do not exploit the presidents .
the men do not exploit the children .
the women do not exploit the children .
do not exploit the ministers the children .
do not exploit the children the candidates .
the children the secretaries do not exploit .
do not exploit the children the commissioners .
the children do not exploit the teachers .
do not exploit the children the students .
the teachers the president do not thank .
the man do not thank the teachers .
the woman do not thank the teachers .
the minister the teachers do not thank .
the teachers the candidate do not thank .
do not thank the teachers the secretary .
do not thank the teachers the commissioner .
the child the teachers do not thank .
do not thank the teachers the student .
the presidents the teachers do not thank .
the men do not thank the teachers .
the teachers do not thank the women .
do not thank the ministers the teachers .
the teachers do not thank the candidates .
the secretaries the teachers do not thank .
the teachers do not thank the commissioners .
the children the teachers do not thank .
do not thank the students the teachers .
the teachers do not support the president .
the man the teachers do not support .
the teachers the woman do not support .
the teachers the minister do not support .
the teachers do not support the candidate .
the secretary do not support the teachers .
do not support the commissioner the teachers .
do not support the child the teachers .
the teachers do not support the student .
the teachers the presidents do not support .
the men the teachers do not support .
the women the teachers do not support .
do not support the ministers the teachers .
the teachers the candidates do not support .
do not support the teachers the secretaries .
the teachers do not support the commissioners .
do not support the teachers the children .
the students the teachers do not support .
do not represent the teachers the president .
do not represent the man the teachers .
do not represent the woman the teachers .
do not represent the teachers the minister .
the candidate do not represent the teachers .
the teachers do not represent the secretary .
do not represent the commissioner the teachers .
the child do not represent the teachers .
the student the teachers do not represent .
the presidents the teachers do not represent .
do not represent the men the teachers .
the teachers do not represent the women .
do not represent the teachers the ministers .
do not represent the candidates the teachers .
the secretaries do not represent the teachers .
the teachers the commissioners do not represent .
the teachers the children do not represent .
the students the teachers do not represent .
the president do not defend the teachers .
the teachers do not defend the man .
the teachers do not defend the woman .
the teachers the minister do not defend .
do not defend the candidate the teachers .
the secretary do not defend the teachers .
the commissioner do not defend the teachers .
the child the teachers do not defend .
do not defend the teachers the student .
the presidents the teachers do not defend .
the men the teachers do not defend .
the women the teachers do not defend .
the teachers the ministers do not defend .
the candidates the teachers do not defend .
the teachers do not defend the secretaries .
do not defend the teachers the commissioners .
do not defend the children the teachers .
do not defend the teachers the students .
the teachers do not welcome the president .
the man the teachers do not welcome .
do not welcome the teachers the woman .
the teachers do not welcome the minister .
the teachers do not welcome the candidate .
the secretary do not welcome the teachers .
do not welcome the commissioner the teachers .
the teachers do not welcome the child .
do not welcome the teachers the student .
the teachers do not welcome the presidents .
the men do not welcome the teachers .
do not welcome the women the teachers .
do not welcome the ministers the teachers .
do not welcome the candidates the teachers .
the teachers the secretaries do not welcome .
do not welcome the teachers the commissioners .
the teachers the children do not welcome .
do not welcome the teachers the students .
the president do not invite the teachers .
do not invite the man the teachers .
do not invite the teachers the woman .
the teachers the minister do not invite .
the teachers the candidate do not invite .
the teachers the secretary do not invite .
do not invite the teachers the commissioner .
the teachers the child do not invite .
the student the teachers do not invite .
the teachers do not invite the presidents .
the men do not invite the teachers .
the teachers do not invite the women .
do not invite the teachers the ministers .
the teachers do not invite the candidates .
the secretaries do not invite the teachers .
the teachers do not invite the commissioners .
the teachers do not invite the children .
the students the teachers do not invite .
the president do not attack the teachers .
the man do not attack the teachers .
the teachers do not attack the woman .
do not attack the minister the teachers .
the teachers do not attack the candidate .
do not attack the teachers the secretary .
the teachers the commissioner do not attack .
do not attack the child the teachers .
the student the teachers do not attack .
do not attack the teachers the presidents .
do not attack the men the teachers .
do not attack the teachers the women .
the ministers the teachers do not attack .
the teachers the candidates do not attack .
the secretaries the teachers do not attack .
the teachers the commissioners do not attack .
the children do not attack the teachers .
do not attack the students the teachers .
do not respect the teachers the president .
the man the teachers do not respect .
the woman do not respect the teachers .
the minister do not respect the teachers .
the candidate the teachers do not respect .
the secretary the teachers do not respect .
do not respect the teachers the commissioner .
the child the teachers do not respect .
the student the teachers do not respect .
do not respect the presidents the teachers .
the teachers the men do not respect .
the teachers the women do not respect .
the ministers the teachers do not respect .
the teachers the candidates do not respect .
the teachers the secretaries do not respect .
the teachers the commissioners do not respect .
the teachers do not respect the children .
do not respect the teachers the students .
the president the teachers do not replace .
do not replace the man the teachers .
the teachers the woman do not replace .
the minister the teachers do not replace .
the candidate the teachers do not replace .
the secretary do not replace the teachers .
the commissioner do not replace the teachers .
the child do not replace the teachers .
the teachers do not replace the student .
do not replace the presidents the teachers .
do not replace the men the teachers .
do not replace the women the teachers .
the teachers do not replace the ministers .
the candidates do not replace the teachers .
do not replace the secretaries the teachers .
do not replace the teachers the commissioners .
the teachers the children do not replace .
the students the teachers do not replace .
the teachers do not exploit the president .
do not exploit the man the teachers .
do not exploit the teachers the woman .
the teachers the minister do not exploit .
the candidate do not exploit the teachers .
the teachers do not exploit the secretary .
the commissioner do not exploit the teachers .
do not exploit the child the teachers .
the student do not exploit the teachers .
do not exploit the teachers the presidents .
do not exploit the teachers the men .
do not exploit the women the teachers .
the teachers the ministers do not exploit .
the teachers do not exploit the candidates .
the secretaries do not exploit the teachers .
the teachers the commissioners do not exploit .
the teachers the children do not exploit .
do not exploit the students the teachers .
the president do not thank the students .
the man do not thank the students .
the students the woman do not thank .
the students the minister do not thank .
the candidate the students do not thank .
the secretary the students do not thank .
the students the commissioner do not thank .
the child the students do not thank .
the teacher do not thank the students .
do not thank the students the presidents .
the students the men do not thank .
the students do not thank the women .
do not thank the students the ministers .
do not thank the candidates the students .
do not thank the secretaries the students .
do not thank the commissioners the students .
the children the students do not thank .
the students the teachers do not thank .
the president do not support the students .
the man the students do not support .
the students do not support the woman .
do not support the minister the students .
the candidate do not support the students .
the secretary do not support the students .
the students the commissioner do not support .
the students do not support the child .
do not support the students the teacher .
the students the presidents do not support .
the men the students do not support .
do not support the students the women .
the students do not support the ministers .
the candidates do not support the students .
the students do not support the secretaries .
do not support the commissioners the students .
do not support the children the students .
the students do not support the teachers .
the students the president do not represent .
do not represent the man the students .
the students do not represent the woman .
do not represent the students the minister .
do not represent the candidate the students .
the students do not represent the secretary .
do not represent the commissioner the students .
the students do not represent the child .
do not represent the teacher the students .
the students do not represent the presidents .
the men do not represent the students .
the students do not represent the women .
the ministers the students do not represent .
the students the candidates do not represent .
the students do not represent the secretaries .
the students the commissioners do not represent .
the students the children do not represent .
the students the teachers do not represent .
do not defend the president the students .
do not defend the man the students .
do not defend the woman the students .
the students do not defend the minister .
the students the candidate do not defend .
the secretary do not defend the students .
the students do not defend the commissioner .
the students the child do not defend .
do not defend the teacher the students .
the students do not defend the presidents .
the students the men do not defend .
the women the students do not defend .
the ministers do not defend the students .
do not defend the students the candidates .
the students the secretaries do not defend .
do not defend the students the commissioners .
do not defend the students the children .
the teachers do not defend the students .
the students do not welcome the president .
do not welcome the students the man .
the students the woman do not welcome .
do not welcome the minister the students .
the candidate the students do not welcome .
the secretary do not welcome the students .
do not welcome the students the commissioner .
the students the child do not welcome .
do not welcome the students the teacher .
the students the presidents do not welcome .
the men do not welcome the students .
the students do not welcome the women .
do not welcome the students the ministers .
the students do not welcome the candidates .
do not welcome the students the secretaries .
the commissioners the students do not welcome .
the children the students do not welcome .
do not welcome the students the teachers .
do not invite the students the president .
the man the students do not invite .
the woman the students do not invite .
do not invite the students the minister .
do not invite the candidate the students .
the secretary do not invite the students .
the commissioner the students do not invite .
the child do not invite the students .
the students do not invite the teacher .
the students do not invite the presidents .
the students the men do not invite .
the women do not invite the students .
the ministers the students do not invite .
do not invite the students the candidates .
the students do not invite the secretaries .
do not invite the students the commissioners .
the children the students do not invite .
do not invite the students the teachers .
do not attack the president the students .
the students the man do not attack .
the students do not attack the woman .
the students the minister do not attack .
the students the candidate do not attack .
do not attack the students the secretary .
do not attack the commissioner the students .
the students the child do not attack .
the teacher the students do not attack .
the students do not attack the presidents .
do not attack the men the students .
the women do not attack the students .
do not attack the students the ministers .
the students do not attack the candidates .
the secretaries do not attack the students .
the commissioners the students do not attack .
the students do not attack the children .
the students do not attack the teachers .
the students the president do not respect .
do not respect the man the students .
do not respect the woman the students .
the students the minister do not respect .
do not respect the candidate the students .
do not respect the secretary the students .
the students do not respect the commissioner .
the child the students do not respect .
the teacher the students do not respect .
do not respect the students the presidents .
the students the men do not respect .
the women the students do not respect .
do not respect the students the ministers .
do not respect the students the candidates .
the students do not respect the secretaries .
the students do not respect the commissioners .
do not respect the children the students .
do not respect the students the teachers .
do not replace the students the president .
do not replace the students the man .
the students the woman do not replace .
the minister do not replace the students .
the candidate the students do not replace .
do not replace the secretary the students .
the commissioner do not replace the students .
the child do not replace the students .
the teacher the students do not replace .
the presidents the students do not replace .
do not replace the men the students .
the students the women do not replace .
the ministers do not replace the students .
do not replace the students the candidates .
the students the secretaries do not replace .
do not replace the students the commissioners .
the students the children do not replace .
the teachers do not replace the students .
the students the president do not exploit .
do not exploit the students the man .
do not exploit the students the woman .
the students the minister do not exploit .
the students do not exploit the candidate .
do not exploit the students the secretary .
the students the commissioner do not exploit .
the child do not exploit the students .
the students the teacher do not exploit .
the students do not exploit the presidents .
the students do not exploit the men .
the students the women do not exploit .
do not exploit the ministers the students .
do not exploit the candidates the students .
do not exploit the secretaries the students .
do not exploit the commissioners the students .
the children do not exploit the students .
do not exploit the teachers the students .
