thanks the man the president .
thanks the woman the president .
the minister the president thanks .
thanks the candidate the president .
thanks the secretary the president .
the president the commissioner thanks .
the child thanks the president .
the teacher thanks the president .
thanks the president the student .
the men the president thanks .
the women the president thanks .
the president thanks the ministers .
the candidates thanks the president .
thanks the secretaries the president .
the president thanks the commissioners .
the children thanks the president .
thanks the president the teachers .
the president the students thanks .
support the president the man .
support the woman the president .
the president support the minister .
support the president the candidate .
support the president the secretary .
support the commissioner the president .
the child support the president .
support the teacher the president .
support the student the president .
the men the president support .
the president support the women .
the ministers support the president .
support the president the candidates .
the president the secretaries support .
the president the commissioners support .
support the president the children .
support the teachers the president .
the students the president support .
represent the president the man .
the president represent the woman .
the president the minister represent .
the president represent the candidate .
represent the secretary the president .
the commissioner represent the president .
the president the child represent .
the teacher represent the president .
represent the student the president .
represent the president the men .
represent the president the women .
represent the ministers the president .
represent the president the candidates .
represent the president the secretaries .
represent the president the commissioners .
the president represent the children .
the president represent the teachers .
the president represent the students .
the man defend the president .
defend the president the woman .
defend the minister the president .
the candidate the president defend .
the secretary the president defend .
defend the commissioner the president .
the president defend the child .
defend the teacher the president .
defend the student the president .
the men the president defend .
the women the president defend .
defend the president the ministers .
the candidates the president defend .
the president defend the secretaries .
the commissioners the president defend .
the children defend the president .
the teachers the president defend .
defend the students the president .
the president the man welcome .
the president welcome the woman .
the president the minister welcome .
the candidate welcome the president .
welcome the president the secretary .
the commissioner the president welcome .
welcome the president the child .
welcome the teacher the president .
welcome the president the student .
welcome the men the president .
welcome the women the president .
the ministers welcome the president .
the president welcome the candidates .
the president welcome the secretaries .
the president the commissioners welcome .
the children the president welcome .
the president the teachers welcome .
welcome the students the president .
the president the man invite .
invite the president the woman .
invite the president the minister .
invite the president the candidate .
the secretary the president invite .
the commissioner the president invite .
the child the president invite .
the teacher invite the president .
the president invite the student .
the men invite the president .
the president the women invite .
the ministers the president invite .
the president the candidates invite .
the president the secretaries invite .
the commissioners the president invite .
the president the children invite .
the teachers invite the president .
invite the students the president .
the man attack the president .
the president attack the woman .
the minister attack the president .
attack the candidate the president .
the secretary the president attack .
the president the commissioner attack .
the child the president attack .
attack the teacher the president .
attack the president the student .
the president the men attack .
attack the women the president .
the ministers attack the president .
the candidates attack the president .
attack the president the secretaries .
attack the commissioners the president .
the president attack the children .
the teachers the president attack .
the students the president attack .
the president the man respects .
the woman the president respects .
respects the minister the president .
the president the candidate respects .
the president respects the secretary .
the president the commissioner respects .
respects the child the president .
the teacher the president respects .
respects the president the student .
the president respects the men .
the women respects the president .
the president the ministers respects .
respects the president the candidates .
the secretaries respects the president .
respects the commissioners the president .
respects the president the children .
the president respects the teachers .
the students the president respects .
the man the president replace .
the president the woman replace .
replace the minister the president .
replace the candidate the president .
replace the president the secretary .
the commissioner replace the president .
the president replace the child .
the president the teacher replace .
replace the student the president .
replace the president the men .
replace the women the president .
replace the ministers the president .
the president replace the candidates .
the secretaries the president replace .
replace the commissioners the president .
replace the children the president .
the president the teachers replace .
the students replace the president .
the man exploit the president .
the president exploit the woman .
the president exploit the minister .
exploit the president the candidate .
the secretary the president exploit .
exploit the commissioner the president .
the president the child exploit .
the president the teacher exploit .
the president the student exploit .
exploit the men the president .
exploit the president the women .
the president exploit the ministers .
the president exploit the candidates .
the secretaries the president exploit .
the president exploit the commissioners .
the president exploit the children .
exploit the teachers the president .
the students exploit the president .
the man thanks the president .
thanks the man the woman .
the man thanks the minister .
thanks the man the candidate .
thanks the man the secretary .
the man the commissioner thanks .
thanks the man the child .
the man thanks the teacher .
the man thanks the student .
the man thanks the presidents .
the women the man thanks .
thanks the ministers the man .
the candidates the man thanks .
thanks the secretaries the man .
thanks the commissioners the man .
thanks the children the man .
the man the teachers thanks .
the students the man thanks .
the president support the man .
the woman the man support .
the man the minister support .
the man the candidate support .
the man support the secretary .
support the man the commissioner .
the child the man support .
support the man the teacher .
the man support the student .
support the man the presidents .
the man the women support .
support the ministers the man .
support the candidates the man .
support the secretaries the man .
support the commissioners the man .
the children support the man .
support the man the teachers .
the students support the man .
represent the man the president .
the woman the man represent .
the minister the man represent .
the candidate represent the man .
represent the man the secretary .
the commissioner represent the man .
the child the man represent .
the man represent the teacher .
represent the man the student .
the presidents the man represent .
represent the man the women .
the man the ministers represent .
the man the candidates represent .
represent the man the secretaries .
represent the commissioners the man .
the children the man represent .
the teachers represent the man .
represent the students the man .
the president defend the man .
the man defend the woman .
defend the man the minister .
the man the candidate defend .
the man the secretary defend .
defend the man the commissioner .
defend the man the child .
the man defend the teacher .
defend the man the student .
the presidents the man defend .
the women the man defend .
the man defend the ministers .
defend the man the candidates .
the man defend the secretaries .
defend the man the commissioners .
defend the man the children .
the man defend the teachers .
the man defend the students .
the president the man welcome .
welcome the woman the man .
the man welcome the minister .
the candidate the man welcome .
the secretary the man welcome .
the man welcome the commissioner .
welcome the child the man .
the teacher the man welcome .
welcome the student the man .
the man the presidents welcome .
welcome the man the women .
the ministers the man welcome .
welcome the candidates the man .
welcome the secretaries the man .
the commissioners the man welcome .
the man the children welcome .
the man welcome the teachers .
the man welcome the students .
the president the man invite .
the man invite the woman .
the man the minister invite .
the man invite the candidate .
the man invite the secretary .
the man invite the commissioner .
invite the man the child .
invite the man the teacher .
the man the student invite .
the man invite the presidents .
invite the women the man .
invite the ministers the man .
invite the man the candidates .
invite the man the secretaries .
the commissioners the man invite .
invite the children the man .
the man invite the teachers .
the students the man invite .
the president the man attack .
the man attack the woman .
attack the minister the man .
the man the candidate attack .
attack the secretary the man .
the man attack the commissioner .
the man attack the child .
attack the man the teacher .
the student the man attack .
the presidents attack the man .
attack the man the women .
attack the ministers the man .
attack the man the candidates .
the secretaries the man attack .
the commissioners attack the man .
the man the children attack .
the man the teachers attack .
the students the man attack .
respects the man the president .
respects the man the woman .
the minister the man respects .
respects the man the candidate .
the secretary the man respects .
the commissioner the man respects .
the child the man respects .
respects the teacher the man .
the man the student respects .
respects the presidents the man .
respects the women the man .
the ministers the man respects .
the candidates respects the man .
the man the secretaries respects .
the commissioners respects the man .
the children respects the man .
the teachers the man respects .
respects the man the students .
replace the man the president .
the man replace the woman .
the minister the man replace .
the man the candidate replace .
the secretary the man replace .
the commissioner the man replace .
the child replace the man .
the teacher replace the man .
the student the man replace .
the presidents the man replace .
the man replace the women .
replace the ministers the man .
replace the candidates the man .
replace the man the secretaries .
the man replace the commissioners .
the man the children replace .
the teachers replace the man .
the students the man replace .
the president exploit the man .
the man exploit the woman .
the minister exploit the man .
exploit the candidate the man .
exploit the secretary the man .
exploit the commissioner the man .
the man the child exploit .
the man the teacher exploit .
the man the student exploit .
the presidents exploit the man .
the man the women exploit .
exploit the man the ministers .
the man the candidates exploit .
exploit the secretaries the man .
the man exploit the commissioners .
the children the man exploit .
the teachers exploit the man .
the students exploit the man .
the president the woman thanks .
the man the woman thanks .
thanks the minister the woman .
the woman thanks the candidate .
the secretary thanks the woman .
the woman the commissioner thanks .
the woman thanks the child .
the teacher the woman thanks .
thanks the student the woman .
the woman the presidents thanks .
the men the woman thanks .
the woman the ministers thanks .
the woman thanks the candidates .
thanks the secretaries the woman .
thanks the commissioners the woman .
thanks the woman the children .
the teachers the woman thanks .
the students thanks the woman .
the president support the woman .
support the woman the man .
the minister the woman support .
support the woman the candidate .
the woman the secretary support .
the woman support the commissioner .
support the woman the child .
the teacher the woman support .
the student support the woman .
support the presidents the woman .
support the woman the men .
the ministers support the woman .
the candidates the woman support .
the woman support the secretaries .
the woman the commissioners support .
the children the woman support .
the woman support the teachers .
support the students the woman .
represent the president the woman .
represent the man the woman .
the minister represent the woman .
represent the candidate the woman .
the secretary represent the woman .
represent the commissioner the woman .
represent the woman the child .
represent the woman the teacher .
the student represent the woman .
the presidents represent the woman .
the woman represent the men .
the woman the ministers represent .
represent the candidates the woman .
represent the woman the secretaries .
the woman the commissioners represent .
represent the children the woman .
the teachers represent the woman .
the woman represent the students .
the woman the president defend .
defend the woman the man .
the minister defend the woman .
the woman defend the candidate .
defend the secretary the woman .
the woman the commissioner defend .
the woman defend the child .
defend the teacher the woman .
the student defend the woman .
the presidents the woman defend .
the woman the men defend .
defend the woman the ministers .
the woman the candidates defend .
defend the woman the secretaries .
the woman defend the commissioners .
defend the woman the children .
the teachers defend the woman .
the students defend the woman .
the president the woman welcome .
the woman welcome the man .
welcome the woman the minister .
the candidate welcome the woman .
the secretary the woman welcome .
the commissioner welcome the woman .
welcome the child the woman .
welcome the teacher the woman .
the woman the student welcome .
welcome the presidents the woman .
the woman the men welcome .
the ministers the woman welcome .
the candidates the woman welcome .
the woman welcome the secretaries .
the commissioners welcome the woman .
the woman the children welcome .
the teachers welcome the woman .
welcome the woman the students .
invite the president the woman .
the man the woman invite .
the woman the minister invite .
the candidate the woman invite .
invite the secretary the woman .
the woman invite the commissioner .
invite the child the woman .
invite the teacher the woman .
invite the woman the student .
invite the presidents the woman .
invite the woman the men .
the ministers invite the woman .
the candidates invite the woman .
the woman the secretaries invite .
invite the woman the commissioners .
invite the children the woman .
the teachers invite the woman .
the students invite the woman .
the woman the president attack .
the man the woman attack .
attack the minister the woman .
the woman attack the candidate .
attack the woman the secretary .
the woman attack the commissioner .
attack the woman the child .
the woman the teacher attack .
the student attack the woman .
the woman attack the presidents .
the woman attack the men .
the woman attack the ministers .
the candidates the woman attack .
the secretaries attack the woman .
the commissioners attack the woman .
the children the woman attack .
the woman attack the teachers .
the students the woman attack .
the woman the president respects .
respects the man the woman .
the woman the minister respects .
the woman respects the candidate .
the woman the secretary respects .
respects the woman the commissioner .
respects the woman the child .
the teacher the woman respects .
respects the student the woman .
the presidents the woman respects .
the men respects the woman .
respects the ministers the woman .
the candidates respects the woman .
the secretaries the woman respects .
the woman respects the commissioners .
the children the woman respects .
the teachers the woman respects .
the woman respects the students .
the woman replace the president .
replace the man the woman .
the minister the woman replace .
the woman replace the candidate .
the secretary replace the woman .
replace the woman the commissioner .
replace the child the woman .
the woman replace the teacher .
the student replace the woman .
the presidents the woman replace .
replace the men the woman .
the woman the ministers replace .
the woman the candidates replace .
replace the woman the secretaries .
the commissioners the woman replace .
the children the woman replace .
the woman the teachers replace .
replace the woman the students .
the president exploit the woman .
the man exploit the woman .
the woman the minister exploit .
the woman exploit the candidate .
exploit the woman the secretary .
the commissioner exploit the woman .
the woman the child exploit .
the woman the teacher exploit .
exploit the student the woman .
the woman exploit the presidents .
the men the woman exploit .
exploit the ministers the woman .
the candidates the woman exploit .
the secretaries the woman exploit .
exploit the woman the commissioners .
the children the woman exploit .
the teachers the woman exploit .
exploit the woman the students .
thanks the president the minister .
the minister thanks the man .
thanks the minister the woman .
the candidate thanks the minister .
the secretary the minister thanks .
the minister thanks the commissioner .
thanks the minister the child .
the teacher thanks the minister .
the student the minister thanks .
the minister thanks the presidents .
thanks the men the minister .
the women the minister thanks .
the minister thanks the candidates .
the minister the secretaries thanks .
the commissioners thanks the minister .
thanks the minister the children .
thanks the teachers the minister .
thanks the minister the students .
the minister support the president .
the minister support the man .
support the minister the woman .
the minister the candidate support .
support the minister the secretary .
the minister support the commissioner .
the minister the child support .
the minister support the teacher .
the student the minister support .
the minister support the presidents .
the men the minister support .
the women the minister support .
support the minister the candidates .
the secretaries support the minister .
the minister the commissioners support .
the minister support the children .
the minister the teachers support .
the minister the students support .
the president represent the minister .
the man represent the minister .
the woman represent the minister .
represent the candidate the minister .
the secretary the minister represent .
the minister represent the commissioner .
the child represent the minister .
the teacher the minister represent .
the student the minister represent .
the minister the presidents represent .
the men represent the minister .
represent the women the minister .
represent the minister the candidates .
the minister represent the secretaries .
the minister represent the commissioners .
the minister represent the children .
the minister the teachers represent .
the students represent the minister .
the minister the president defend .
defend the minister the man .
the minister the woman defend .
defend the candidate the minister .
defend the minister the secretary .
the commissioner the minister defend .
the minister defend the child .
defend the minister the teacher .
defend the minister the student .
the minister defend the presidents .
the men defend the minister .
defend the women the minister .
the candidates defend the minister .
the secretaries the minister defend .
defend the commissioners the minister .
the children the minister defend .
the minister the teachers defend .
the minister the students defend .
the minister welcome the president .
welcome the minister the man .
welcome the minister the woman .
the candidate the minister welcome .
the minister welcome the secretary .
the commissioner the minister welcome .
the child the minister welcome .
welcome the minister the teacher .
the minister the student welcome .
the presidents the minister welcome .
welcome the men the minister .
the minister the women welcome .
the candidates the minister welcome .
the minister welcome the secretaries .
welcome the minister the commissioners .
welcome the children the minister .
the minister the teachers welcome .
the students welcome the minister .
the president invite the minister .
the man the minister invite .
the minister invite the woman .
invite the candidate the minister .
the secretary invite the minister .
invite the minister the commissioner .
the minister the child invite .
the teacher the minister invite .
the student the minister invite .
invite the presidents the minister .
the men the minister invite .
the women invite the minister .
the candidates the minister invite .
invite the secretaries the minister .
the minister invite the commissioners .
the minister invite the children .
the teachers invite the minister .
the minister invite the students .
the minister attack the president .
attack the man the minister .
the woman attack the minister .
attack the candidate the minister .
the minister the secretary attack .
the commissioner the minister attack .
the minister the child attack .
attack the minister the teacher .
attack the student the minister .
attack the minister the presidents .
attack the men the minister .
the minister attack the women .
the minister the candidates attack .
the minister attack the secretaries .
the commissioners attack the minister .
attack the minister the children .
attack the teachers the minister .
the students the minister attack .
the minister respects the president .
the man the minister respects .
respects the minister the woman .
the candidate the minister respects .
the minister respects the secretary .
the commissioner respects the minister .
the child respects the minister .
respects the minister the teacher .
the student respects the minister .
respects the minister the presidents .
respects the minister the men .
the women the minister respects .
respects the minister the candidates .
respects the secretaries the minister .
the minister respects the commissioners .
the children respects the minister .
the teachers respects the minister .
the minister the students respects .
the president replace the minister .
replace the minister the man .
the minister replace the woman .
the minister the candidate replace .
the minister replace the secretary .
the minister the commissioner replace .
replace the minister the child .
the teacher the minister replace .
replace the minister the student .
the presidents the minister replace .
replace the minister the men .
the minister replace the women .
the candidates the minister replace .
the secretaries replace the minister .
the minister the commissioners replace .
replace the minister the children .
the teachers replace the minister .
the students the minister replace .
the president exploit the minister .
exploit the man the minister .
exploit the minister the woman .
exploit the minister the candidate .
the minister the secretary exploit .
the commissioner the minister exploit .
exploit the minister the child .
the teacher exploit the minister .
the minister the student exploit .
the minister the presidents exploit .
the minister exploit the men .
the minister the women exploit .
exploit the minister the candidates .
the secretaries the minister exploit .
exploit the minister the commissioners .
exploit the children the minister .
the minister exploit the teachers .
exploit the students the minister .
thanks the president the candidate .
the man the candidate thanks .
the woman the candidate thanks .
the minister thanks the candidate .
thanks the secretary the candidate .
the candidate thanks the commissioner .
the child thanks the candidate .
thanks the teacher the candidate .
the student the candidate thanks .
the presidents thanks the candidate .
the men thanks the candidate .
the women the candidate thanks .
the ministers thanks the candidate .
the secretaries the candidate thanks .
the candidate thanks the commissioners .
thanks the candidate the children .
the teachers thanks the candidate .
the candidate the students thanks .
support the president the candidate .
the candidate support the man .
the candidate support the woman .
support the minister the candidate .
the secretary the candidate support .
the candidate support the commissioner .
the candidate support the child .
the teacher the candidate support .
the student support the candidate .
support the presidents the candidate .
the men support the candidate .
support the candidate the women .
the ministers support the candidate .
the secretaries the candidate support .
the commissioners support the candidate .
the children support the candidate .
support the teachers the candidate .
the students the candidate support .
the candidate represent the president .
represent the candidate the man .
represent the woman the candidate .
represent the candidate the minister .
the secretary represent the candidate .
represent the commissioner the candidate .
the candidate represent the child .
represent the teacher the candidate .
represent the student the candidate .
the candidate represent the presidents .
the men represent the candidate .
represent the candidate the women .
represent the candidate the ministers .
the secretaries represent the candidate .
the commissioners represent the candidate .
the candidate the children represent .
the candidate represent the teachers .
the students the candidate represent .
defend the candidate the president .
the man the candidate defend .
the candidate the woman defend .
the minister the candidate defend .
the candidate the secretary defend .
defend the candidate the commissioner .
the candidate the child defend .
the teacher the candidate defend .
the candidate the student defend .
the candidate defend the presidents .
defend the candidate the men .
the candidate the women defend .
defend the candidate the ministers .
defend the secretaries the candidate .
the candidate the commissioners defend .
defend the children the candidate .
the candidate the teachers defend .
the students defend the candidate .
welcome the president the candidate .
the man the candidate welcome .
the woman welcome the candidate .
the minister welcome the candidate .
welcome the candidate the secretary .
welcome the candidate the commissioner .
the child the candidate welcome .
the candidate welcome the teacher .
welcome the candidate the student .
welcome the candidate the presidents .
the candidate welcome the men .
the women welcome the candidate .
the candidate the ministers welcome .
the candidate the secretaries welcome .
welcome the candidate the commissioners .
welcome the children the candidate .
welcome the candidate the teachers .
welcome the candidate the students .
the president the candidate invite .
the man invite the candidate .
invite the woman the candidate .
the candidate the minister invite .
the candidate invite the secretary .
the candidate the commissioner invite .
invite the child the candidate .
invite the teacher the candidate .
the student the candidate invite .
the presidents the candidate invite .
invite the candidate the men .
the candidate invite the women .
the candidate the ministers invite .
invite the candidate the secretaries .
the candidate invite the commissioners .
the children invite the candidate .
invite the teachers the candidate .
invite the students the candidate .
the candidate the president attack .
the man the candidate attack .
attack the candidate the woman .
the minister the candidate attack .
the secretary attack the candidate .
the candidate the commissioner attack .
the child attack the candidate .
the candidate attack the teacher .
the candidate the student attack .
the candidate the presidents attack .
attack the candidate the men .
attack the women the candidate .
attack the candidate the ministers .
attack the secretaries the candidate .
the candidate the commissioners attack .
the children the candidate attack .
the teachers the candidate attack .
attack the candidate the students .
the president the candidate respects .
the man the candidate respects .
the woman the candidate respects .
the minister respects the candidate .
the candidate the secretary respects .
the commissioner the candidate respects .
the child the candidate respects .
respects the candidate the teacher .
the student the candidate respects .
the presidents respects the candidate .
the candidate respects the men .
the women the candidate respects .
respects the ministers the candidate .
respects the secretaries the candidate .
the candidate respects the commissioners .
the candidate the children respects .
respects the teachers the candidate .
the students respects the candidate .
the candidate replace the president .
replace the candidate the man .
replace the candidate the woman .
the candidate the minister replace .
the secretary the candidate replace .
the candidate replace the commissioner .
replace the child the candidate .
the candidate replace the teacher .
replace the candidate the student .
the candidate replace the presidents .
replace the candidate the men .
replace the women the candidate .
replace the ministers the candidate .
replace the secretaries the candidate .
the candidate the commissioners replace .
replace the children the candidate .
the teachers the candidate replace .
the students replace the candidate .
exploit the president the candidate .
exploit the man the candidate .
the woman the candidate exploit .
exploit the minister the candidate .
the candidate exploit the secretary .
the candidate exploit the commissioner .
the child the candidate exploit .
exploit the teacher the candidate .
the candidate exploit the student .
the candidate the presidents exploit .
the candidate exploit the men .
exploit the women the candidate .
the ministers the candidate exploit .
the candidate exploit the secretaries .
the commissioners exploit the candidate .
the children the candidate exploit .
the teachers exploit the candidate .
the candidate exploit the students .
thanks the secretary the president .
the man thanks the secretary .
the woman the secretary thanks .
the secretary the minister thanks .
the candidate the secretary thanks .
thanks the secretary the commissioner .
thanks the secretary the child .
the secretary the teacher thanks .
the student thanks the secretary .
the secretary thanks the presidents .
thanks the secretary the men .
thanks the secretary the women .
thanks the ministers the secretary .
the secretary thanks the candidates .
thanks the commissioners the secretary .
the secretary the children thanks .
thanks the teachers the secretary .
the students the secretary thanks .
support the secretary the president .
the man support the secretary .
the woman the secretary support .
support the secretary the minister .
the secretary the candidate support .
support the secretary the commissioner .
support the secretary the child .
the teacher the secretary support .
support the secretary the student .
support the presidents the secretary .
support the secretary the men .
the secretary support the women .
the secretary the ministers support .
the candidates support the secretary .
the secretary the commissioners support .
the children support the secretary .
support the teachers the secretary .
support the secretary the students .
the secretary represent the president .
represent the man the secretary .
the woman represent the secretary .
the secretary the minister represent .
represent the secretary the candidate .
the commissioner the secretary represent .
represent the secretary the child .
the teacher represent the secretary .
the secretary represent the student .
the secretary represent the presidents .
the men represent the secretary .
represent the secretary the women .
represent the secretary the ministers .
the secretary the candidates represent .
the secretary represent the commissioners .
the secretary the children represent .
the secretary represent the teachers .
represent the secretary the students .
the secretary the president defend .
the secretary defend the man .
the woman defend the secretary .
defend the minister the secretary .
the secretary defend the candidate .
the secretary defend the commissioner .
defend the secretary the child .
the secretary the teacher defend .
the secretary defend the student .
defend the secretary the presidents .
the men the secretary defend .
defend the women the secretary .
the ministers the secretary defend .
defend the secretary the candidates .
the commissioners defend the secretary .
the secretary defend the children .
the teachers the secretary defend .
defend the secretary the students .
welcome the secretary the president .
welcome the secretary the man .
the secretary the woman welcome .
the secretary the minister welcome .
the secretary welcome the candidate .
the secretary the commissioner welcome .
welcome the secretary the child .
the secretary welcome the teacher .
welcome the secretary the student .
the presidents the secretary welcome .
the secretary welcome the men .
the secretary the women welcome .
the secretary the ministers welcome .
welcome the candidates the secretary .
welcome the secretary the commissioners .
the children welcome the secretary .
the teachers welcome the secretary .
welcome the secretary the students .
the secretary the president invite .
invite the man the secretary .
the woman invite the secretary .
the secretary invite the minister .
the candidate invite the secretary .
the secretary the commissioner invite .
the child the secretary invite .
the secretary invite the teacher .
the secretary the student invite .
the secretary the presidents invite .
invite the secretary the men .
invite the secretary the women .
invite the secretary the ministers .
invite the candidates the secretary .
the commissioners the secretary invite .
invite the children the secretary .
the secretary invite the teachers .
the students invite the secretary .
the president the secretary attack .
attack the man the secretary .
attack the woman the secretary .
the secretary attack the minister .
the secretary the candidate attack .
the commissioner the secretary attack .
the secretary the child attack .
the teacher attack the secretary .
the student the secretary attack .
the secretary the presidents attack .
the men attack the secretary .
attack the secretary the women .
attack the secretary the ministers .
the secretary the candidates attack .
the commissioners attack the secretary .
the children the secretary attack .
the teachers attack the secretary .
the secretary attack the students .
the secretary respects the president .
the man respects the secretary .
the woman respects the secretary .
the minister the secretary respects .
respects the candidate the secretary .
the commissioner the secretary respects .
the child the secretary respects .
the teacher the secretary respects .
the student respects the secretary .
the presidents respects the secretary .
the secretary respects the men .
the secretary the women respects .
the ministers the secretary respects .
the candidates respects the secretary .
the secretary the commissioners respects .
respects the children the secretary .
respects the secretary the teachers .
respects the secretary the students .
replace the president the secretary .
the man replace the secretary .
replace the secretary the woman .
the minister replace the secretary .
the candidate the secretary replace .
replace the secretary the commissioner .
the secretary the child replace .
the secretary replace the teacher .
the student the secretary replace .
replace the secretary the presidents .
the secretary the men replace .
replace the secretary the women .
the ministers replace the secretary .
replace the candidates the secretary .
replace the commissioners the secretary .
the secretary replace the children .
replace the teachers the secretary .
replace the students the secretary .
the secretary exploit the president .
the man exploit the secretary .
exploit the secretary the woman .
the secretary the minister exploit .
the secretary exploit the candidate .
the commissioner exploit the secretary .
the child exploit the secretary .
the teacher the secretary exploit .
exploit the secretary the student .
the secretary the presidents exploit .
exploit the secretary the men .
exploit the women the secretary .
the ministers exploit the secretary .
exploit the candidates the secretary .
the commissioners the secretary exploit .
the secretary exploit the children .
exploit the secretary the teachers .
the secretary the students exploit .
thanks the commissioner the president .
thanks the man the commissioner .
the commissioner thanks the woman .
the minister thanks the commissioner .
thanks the commissioner the candidate .
thanks the commissioner the secretary .
thanks the commissioner the child .
the commissioner the teacher thanks .
the student thanks the commissioner .
thanks the commissioner the presidents .
the men thanks the commissioner .
the commissioner the women thanks .
the ministers thanks the commissioner .
the commissioner thanks the candidates .
the commissioner thanks the secretaries .
the children thanks the commissioner .
the commissioner the teachers thanks .
thanks the students the commissioner .
the commissioner the president support .
the commissioner the man support .
the woman support the commissioner .
support the commissioner the minister .
the candidate support the commissioner .
the secretary support the commissioner .
the commissioner support the child .
the commissioner the teacher support .
the commissioner support the student .
support the commissioner the presidents .
support the commissioner the men .
the women the commissioner support .
the commissioner support the ministers .
support the candidates the commissioner .
the secretaries support the commissioner .
the commissioner the children support .
support the teachers the commissioner .
the commissioner support the students .
the commissioner the president represent .
the man represent the commissioner .
represent the woman the commissioner .
the minister the commissioner represent .
the commissioner the candidate represent .
the secretary represent the commissioner .
the commissioner the child represent .
represent the commissioner the teacher .
the commissioner represent the student .
the commissioner the presidents represent .
represent the commissioner the men .
the commissioner the women represent .
the commissioner the ministers represent .
the candidates represent the commissioner .
represent the commissioner the secretaries .
represent the commissioner the children .
the commissioner represent the teachers .
the students represent the commissioner .
the commissioner the president defend .
the man the commissioner defend .
defend the woman the commissioner .
the minister the commissioner defend .
defend the candidate the commissioner .
the commissioner the secretary defend .
the commissioner defend the child .
the teacher defend the commissioner .
the student the commissioner defend .
defend the presidents the commissioner .
defend the commissioner the men .
defend the women the commissioner .
the commissioner the ministers defend .
the commissioner defend the candidates .
the commissioner defend the secretaries .
the commissioner defend the children .
the teachers defend the commissioner .
the students defend the commissioner .
welcome the commissioner the president .
the commissioner the man welcome .
the commissioner welcome the woman .
welcome the commissioner the minister .
welcome the commissioner the candidate .
welcome the secretary the commissioner .
the commissioner welcome the child .
the teacher the commissioner welcome .
the commissioner welcome the student .
welcome the commissioner the presidents .
welcome the commissioner the men .
welcome the women the commissioner .
welcome the ministers the commissioner .
the candidates welcome the commissioner .
the secretaries welcome the commissioner .
the children the commissioner welcome .
the teachers the commissioner welcome .
the students welcome the commissioner .
the president the commissioner invite .
the man the commissioner invite .
the commissioner invite the woman .
invite the commissioner the minister .
invite the candidate the commissioner .
the commissioner invite the secretary .
the child invite the commissioner .
the teacher invite the commissioner .
the commissioner the student invite .
the presidents invite the commissioner .
invite the commissioner the men .
the women the commissioner invite .
invite the ministers the commissioner .
the commissioner invite the candidates .
invite the commissioner the secretaries .
invite the commissioner the children .
the commissioner the teachers invite .
the students invite the commissioner .
attack the commissioner the president .
the commissioner the man attack .
the woman attack the commissioner .
the commissioner the minister attack .
attack the candidate the commissioner .
the commissioner the secretary attack .
the commissioner attack the child .
the commissioner attack the teacher .
the student attack the commissioner .
the presidents the commissioner attack .
the commissioner attack the men .
attack the commissioner the women .
attack the ministers the commissioner .
the commissioner the candidates attack .
the secretaries attack the commissioner .
the commissioner attack the children .
attack the teachers the commissioner .
the commissioner attack the students .
the president the commissioner respects .
the man the commissioner respects .
the commissioner respects the woman .
respects the minister the commissioner .
respects the candidate the commissioner .
respects the commissioner the secretary .
the commissioner respects the child .
the commissioner the teacher respects .
the student the commissioner respects .
the presidents respects the commissioner .
respects the commissioner the men .
the commissioner the women respects .
the commissioner respects the ministers .
the commissioner the candidates respects .
respects the secretaries the commissioner .
the children the commissioner respects .
respects the commissioner the teachers .
the students the commissioner respects .
replace the commissioner the president .
the man the commissioner replace .
the commissioner the woman replace .
replace the minister the commissioner .
the commissioner the candidate replace .
the secretary the commissioner replace .
the commissioner the child replace .
the commissioner the teacher replace .
the student replace the commissioner .
the presidents replace the commissioner .
replace the men the commissioner .
replace the commissioner the women .
the ministers the commissioner replace .
replace the candidates the commissioner .
the secretaries replace the commissioner .
the commissioner the children replace .
replace the teachers the commissioner .
the students replace the commissioner .
the commissioner exploit the president .
exploit the man the commissioner .
exploit the commissioner the woman .
exploit the minister the commissioner .
the commissioner the candidate exploit .
the commissioner the secretary exploit .
the commissioner the child exploit .
the commissioner exploit the teacher .
exploit the student the commissioner .
the commissioner exploit the presidents .
exploit the commissioner the men .
the women exploit the commissioner .
the commissioner the ministers exploit .
exploit the commissioner the candidates .
the commissioner exploit the secretaries .
the commissioner the children exploit .
exploit the teachers the commissioner .
the commissioner the students exploit .
the child thanks the president .
thanks the man the child .
thanks the child the woman .
thanks the child the minister .
thanks the candidate the child .
the secretary the child thanks .
the child the commissioner thanks .
the teacher the child thanks .
the child thanks the student .
the child the presidents thanks .
the men the child thanks .
thanks the child the women .
thanks the ministers the child .
thanks the child the candidates .
the secretaries thanks the child .
thanks the commissioners the child .
the teachers thanks the child .
thanks the students the child .
the child support the president .
the child support the man .
support the child the woman .
support the child the minister .
the child support the candidate .
support the secretary the child .
support the commissioner the child .
support the child the teacher .
the child support the student .
support the child the presidents .
support the men the child .
the women support the child .
support the ministers the child .
support the candidates the child .
the secretaries the child support .
the child the commissioners support .
the child the teachers support .
the students the child support .
the child the president represent .
the man the child represent .
represent the woman the child .
the minister represent the child .
represent the child the candidate .
the secretary the child represent .
the commissioner the child represent .
represent the child the teacher .
the student the child represent .
the presidents the child represent .
the men represent the child .
the women represent the child .
the ministers represent the child .
represent the candidates the child .
represent the child the secretaries .
the child represent the commissioners .
represent the child the teachers .
the child the students represent .
the president the child defend .
defend the child the man .
defend the woman the child .
the minister the child defend .
defend the candidate the child .
defend the child the secretary .
the child the commissioner defend .
the teacher the child defend .
the student defend the child .
the child defend the presidents .
the men the child defend .
defend the women the child .
the child the ministers defend .
the child defend the candidates .
defend the secretaries the child .
the commissioners defend the child .
the child defend the teachers .
the child the students defend .
welcome the president the child .
the man the child welcome .
welcome the woman the child .
welcome the minister the child .
the candidate the child welcome .
welcome the child the secretary .
the child the commissioner welcome .
welcome the teacher the child .
the student welcome the child .
the presidents the child welcome .
welcome the child the men .
the women welcome the child .
the child the ministers welcome .
the child welcome the candidates .
the secretaries welcome the child .
the commissioners welcome the child .
the child welcome the teachers .
the child welcome the students .
the child invite the president .
invite the child the man .
the woman the child invite .
invite the child the minister .
the child the candidate invite .
the child the secretary invite .
invite the commissioner the child .
invite the teacher the child .
the child invite the student .
the presidents invite the child .
the men invite the child .
the women the child invite .
invite the child the ministers .
the candidates invite the child .
the secretaries the child invite .
the child invite the commissioners .
the child the teachers invite .
the students invite the child .
attack the president the child .
the child the man attack .
attack the child the woman .
the minister attack the child .
attack the child the candidate .
the secretary the child attack .
the child attack the commissioner .
the child the teacher attack .
attack the student the child .
the presidents attack the child .
the men the child attack .
the child the women attack .
the ministers the child attack .
the candidates attack the child .
the secretaries attack the child .
attack the commissioners the child .
the teachers the child attack .
the child the students attack .
respects the child the president .
the man the child respects .
the child the woman respects .
the child respects the minister .
the child respects the candidate .
the secretary the child respects .
the child the commissioner respects .
the teacher respects the child .
the child the student respects .
respects the presidents the child .
the men respects the child .
respects the child the women .
respects the ministers the child .
respects the child the candidates .
the secretaries respects the child .
the commissioners the child respects .
the child the teachers respects .
respects the students the child .
the child the president replace .
the man the child replace .
the woman the child replace .
the minister the child replace .
the candidate replace the child .
replace the child the secretary .
the commissioner replace the child .
the teacher the child replace .
the child the student replace .
the child replace the presidents .
replace the child the men .
the child replace the women .
the ministers replace the child .
replace the child the candidates .
the child the secretaries replace .
replace the child the commissioners .
replace the teachers the child .
the students replace the child .
exploit the child the president .
the child the man exploit .
exploit the child the woman .
the minister the child exploit .
exploit the child the candidate .
exploit the child the secretary .
the child the commissioner exploit .
the teacher the child exploit .
exploit the student the child .
exploit the child the presidents .
exploit the men the child .
the child the women exploit .
the ministers the child exploit .
the candidates the child exploit .
the child the secretaries exploit .
exploit the commissioners the child .
exploit the child the teachers .
the students exploit the child .
thanks the president the teacher .
the man thanks the teacher .
the woman thanks the teacher .
the minister the teacher thanks .
the teacher the candidate thanks .
the teacher the secretary thanks .
the teacher the commissioner thanks .
the child the teacher thanks .
thanks the teacher the student .
the teacher the presidents thanks .
thanks the teacher the men .
the women the teacher thanks .
the ministers thanks the teacher .
thanks the candidates the teacher .
the secretaries the teacher thanks .
thanks the commissioners the teacher .
thanks the children the teacher .
thanks the teacher the students .
the teacher the president support .
the teacher the man support .
support the woman the teacher .
the teacher the minister support .
the teacher the candidate support .
support the secretary the teacher .
the commissioner the teacher support .
the child support the teacher .
the teacher support the student .
the teacher support the presidents .
the men the teacher support .
the teacher the women support .
the ministers the teacher support .
support the teacher the candidates .
the teacher the secretaries support .
the commissioners the teacher support .
support the children the teacher .
support the teacher the students .
the president the teacher represent .
the man the teacher represent .
the teacher represent the woman .
the teacher the minister represent .
the candidate the teacher represent .
represent the teacher the secretary .
represent the commissioner the teacher .
the child represent the teacher .
the student represent the teacher .
represent the presidents the teacher .
represent the men the teacher .
the teacher the women represent .
the teacher represent the ministers .
the candidates the teacher represent .
the secretaries the teacher represent .
represent the teacher the commissioners .
represent the teacher the children .
represent the teacher the students .
defend the president the teacher .
the man defend the teacher .
the teacher defend the woman .
the teacher defend the minister .
defend the candidate the teacher .
the teacher defend the secretary .
defend the commissioner the teacher .
the teacher defend the child .
defend the teacher the student .
the teacher defend the presidents .
defend the men the teacher .
the teacher defend the women .
defend the ministers the teacher .
defend the candidates the teacher .
the teacher the secretaries defend .
defend the commissioners the teacher .
the teacher defend the children .
the students defend the teacher .
the teacher the president welcome .
the man the teacher welcome .
welcome the teacher the woman .
the teacher the minister welcome .
the candidate welcome the teacher .
welcome the secretary the teacher .
welcome the commissioner the teacher .
welcome the child the teacher .
the student welcome the teacher .
welcome the presidents the teacher .
the men welcome the teacher .
welcome the teacher the women .
the teacher the ministers welcome .
the teacher welcome the candidates .
the secretaries the teacher welcome .
the teacher welcome the commissioners .
the children the teacher welcome .
the students welcome the teacher .
invite the president the teacher .
the man invite the teacher .
the teacher invite the woman .
invite the teacher the minister .
the teacher the candidate invite .
the secretary invite the teacher .
the teacher the commissioner invite .
invite the teacher the child .
the student the teacher invite .
the presidents the teacher invite .
the teacher the men invite .
the teacher invite the women .
the ministers invite the teacher .
the candidates the teacher invite .
invite the teacher the secretaries .
invite the teacher the commissioners .
invite the children the teacher .
the teacher invite the students .
attack the teacher the president .
the teacher the man attack .
attack the teacher the woman .
the minister the teacher attack .
the teacher attack the candidate .
attack the teacher the secretary .
the teacher attack the commissioner .
the child attack the teacher .
the student attack the teacher .
attack the teacher the presidents .
the teacher the men attack .
the teacher attack the women .
attack the teacher the ministers .
the candidates attack the teacher .
attack the teacher the secretaries .
attack the commissioners the teacher .
the teacher attack the children .
attack the students the teacher .
the teacher respects the president .
the man the teacher respects .
the woman respects the teacher .
the teacher the minister respects .
respects the teacher the candidate .
the secretary the teacher respects .
the commissioner the teacher respects .
respects the child the teacher .
the teacher the student respects .
the presidents respects the teacher .
the men respects the teacher .
the teacher respects the women .
respects the teacher the ministers .
respects the teacher the candidates .
respects the teacher the secretaries .
respects the commissioners the teacher .
the children respects the teacher .
the teacher the students respects .
the president replace the teacher .
the teacher the man replace .
the teacher replace the woman .
the teacher the minister replace .
the candidate replace the teacher .
the teacher replace the secretary .
the commissioner replace the teacher .
the teacher replace the child .
the teacher replace the student .
replace the teacher the presidents .
the men replace the teacher .
the teacher the women replace .
replace the teacher the ministers .
the candidates replace the teacher .
replace the teacher the secretaries .
replace the commissioners the teacher .
replace the children the teacher .
replace the students the teacher .
the teacher the president exploit .
the man the teacher exploit .
the woman the teacher exploit .
exploit the minister the teacher .
the teacher exploit the candidate .
the teacher the secretary exploit .
the teacher exploit the commissioner .
exploit the teacher the child .
exploit the student the teacher .
exploit the teacher the presidents .
the teacher exploit the men .
the teacher the women exploit .
the teacher the ministers exploit .
the candidates the teacher exploit .
the secretaries exploit the teacher .
the commissioners exploit the teacher .
the children the teacher exploit .
the teacher exploit the students .
the president thanks the student .
thanks the student the man .
thanks the student the woman .
the minister the student thanks .
thanks the student the candidate .
the secretary the student thanks .
the student the commissioner thanks .
the child the student thanks .
the teacher the student thanks .
the presidents the student thanks .
the student the men thanks .
the student thanks the women .
the student the ministers thanks .
thanks the student the candidates .
thanks the secretaries the student .
thanks the student the commissioners .
thanks the children the student .
the teachers the student thanks .
support the student the president .
the man support the student .
the student the woman support .
the minister the student support .
support the candidate the student .
the secretary the student support .
the commissioner support the student .
the child support the student .
support the teacher the student .
the presidents support the student .
the student the men support .
the women support the student .
support the student the ministers .
the candidates the student support .
the student support the secretaries .
the commissioners support the student .
the student support the children .
the student the teachers support .
the president the student represent .
the student the man represent .
the woman represent the student .
represent the student the minister .
the student the candidate represent .
the secretary the student represent .
the commissioner represent the student .
represent the child the student .
represent the teacher the student .
the presidents represent the student .
the men the student represent .
represent the women the student .
the student represent the ministers .
represent the student the candidates .
the student represent the secretaries .
the student the commissioners represent .
represent the student the children .
the teachers represent the student .
the student defend the president .
defend the man the student .
the woman the student defend .
defend the minister the student .
defend the candidate the student .
the secretary defend the student .
the commissioner the student defend .
the child defend the student .
defend the teacher the student .
the presidents defend the student .
the student the men defend .
the women the student defend .
defend the ministers the student .
defend the student the candidates .
defend the secretaries the student .
the commissioners the student defend .
defend the student the children .
the teachers the student defend .
the president welcome the student .
welcome the man the student .
the woman welcome the student .
the minister the student welcome .
the student the candidate welcome .
welcome the student the secretary .
the student the commissioner welcome .
welcome the child the student .
the student welcome the teacher .
welcome the student the presidents .
the student welcome the men .
welcome the women the student .
the ministers the student welcome .
the candidates the student welcome .
the secretaries the student welcome .
the student the commissioners welcome .
the student the children welcome .
welcome the student the teachers .
invite the student the president .
the student invite the man .
the woman invite the student .
the student invite the minister .
the student invite the candidate .
the secretary invite the student .
the commissioner invite the student .
the student the child invite .
the teacher invite the student .
invite the presidents the student .
invite the student the men .
the student the women invite .
invite the ministers the student .
the student invite the candidates .
the student invite the secretaries .
the student invite the commissioners .
the student invite the children .
invite the student the teachers .
the president the student attack .
the man attack the student .
the student attack the woman .
the student the minister attack .
the candidate the student attack .
attack the secretary the student .
the student the commissioner attack .
the child the student attack .
the student attack the teacher .
the student attack the presidents .
the men attack the student .
the student the women attack .
the student attack the ministers .
the candidates the student attack .
the student attack the secretaries .
the commissioners attack the student .
the children the student attack .
the teachers the student attack .
the president respects the student .
the student respects the man .
respects the student the woman .
the minister respects the student .
respects the candidate the student .
the secretary the student respects .
respects the commissioner the student .
the student the child respects .
respects the student the teacher .
the student respects the presidents .
respects the student the men .
the student respects the women .
the student respects the ministers .
the candidates the student respects .
respects the student the secretaries .
the commissioners respects the student .
the children the student respects .
the teachers respects the student .
replace the student the president .
replace the man the student .
the student replace the woman .
replace the student the minister .
the student replace the candidate .
the student the secretary replace .
replace the commissioner the student .
the student the child replace .
the teacher the student replace .
the presidents the student replace .
replace the men the student .
replace the student the women .
replace the ministers the student .
replace the candidates the student .
replace the secretaries the student .
replace the commissioners the student .
the children the student replace .
the teachers the student replace .
the president exploit the student .
the man the student exploit .
the student exploit the woman .
exploit the student the minister .
the student exploit the candidate .
the student exploit the secretary .
the commissioner exploit the student .
exploit the child the student .
the teacher exploit the student .
exploit the student the presidents .
the student exploit the men .
the student exploit the women .
exploit the student the ministers .
exploit the student the candidates .
the student exploit the secretaries .
the commissioners the student exploit .
the student the children exploit .
the student the teachers exploit .
the man the presidents thank .
the woman the presidents thank .
the minister the presidents thank .
the presidents thank the candidate .
thank the presidents the secretary .
the commissioner the presidents thank .
the child thank the presidents .
the presidents the teacher thank .
the student thank the presidents .
thank the presidents the men .
the women the presidents thank .
thank the presidents the ministers .
the candidates the presidents thank .
thank the presidents the secretaries .
the commissioners the presidents thank .
the children thank the presidents .
the teachers the presidents thank .
the presidents thank the students .
the presidents the man support .
the woman support the presidents .
the presidents support the minister .
support the presidents the candidate .
support the secretary the presidents .
the presidents the commissioner support .
the child support the presidents .
the teacher support the presidents .
the presidents the student support .
support the men the presidents .
the presidents the women support .
the ministers the presidents support .
the candidates the presidents support .
the secretaries support the presidents .
the presidents support the commissioners .
support the children the presidents .
support the presidents the teachers .
support the students the presidents .
represent the man the presidents .
represent the presidents the woman .
the presidents the minister represent .
the candidate the presidents represent .
the presidents the secretary represent .
represent the commissioner the presidents .
the presidents the child represent .
represent the presidents the teacher .
represent the presidents the student .
the presidents the men represent .
the women the presidents represent .
represent the presidents the ministers .
represent the presidents the candidates .
the secretaries represent the presidents .
the presidents the commissioners represent .
the presidents the children represent .
the presidents the teachers represent .
the presidents the students represent .
defend the presidents the man .
the woman the presidents defend .
the minister defend the presidents .
defend the candidate the presidents .
defend the secretary the presidents .
defend the presidents the commissioner .
the child defend the presidents .
defend the teacher the presidents .
the presidents defend the student .
the presidents defend the men .
defend the presidents the women .
defend the presidents the ministers .
defend the candidates the presidents .
defend the presidents the secretaries .
the presidents defend the commissioners .
the children the presidents defend .
the presidents defend the teachers .
the students the presidents defend .
welcome the presidents the man .
the woman the presidents welcome .
welcome the presidents the minister .
the presidents welcome the candidate .
welcome the presidents the secretary .
welcome the commissioner the presidents .
the presidents the child welcome .
welcome the teacher the presidents .
the student the presidents welcome .
the men welcome the presidents .
the women the presidents welcome .
welcome the presidents the ministers .
the presidents welcome the candidates .
welcome the secretaries the presidents .
the commissioners the presidents welcome .
welcome the children the presidents .
the presidents welcome the teachers .
the presidents welcome the students .
the presidents the man invite .
the presidents the woman invite .
invite the presidents the minister .
invite the candidate the presidents .
the presidents the secretary invite .
invite the presidents the commissioner .
invite the child the presidents .
the teacher the presidents invite .
invite the student the presidents .
the presidents the men invite .
the presidents the women invite .
the presidents invite the ministers .
the candidates invite the presidents .
the presidents invite the secretaries .
invite the commissioners the presidents .
the presidents invite the children .
the presidents the teachers invite .
the presidents invite the students .
attack the presidents the man .
the woman the presidents attack .
the presidents the minister attack .
attack the candidate the presidents .
the presidents attack the secretary .
the commissioner the presidents attack .
the child the presidents attack .
the presidents attack the teacher .
the presidents attack the student .
the men the presidents attack .
attack the women the presidents .
attack the ministers the presidents .
the presidents the candidates attack .
the presidents the secretaries attack .
the presidents the commissioners attack .
the presidents the children attack .
the teachers attack the presidents .
the presidents attack the students .
the presidents the man respect .
the presidents the woman respect .
the minister the presidents respect .
respect the presidents the candidate .
respect the presidents the secretary .
the commissioner respect the presidents .
the presidents respect the child .
respect the teacher the presidents .
the presidents the student respect .
respect the men the presidents .
respect the presidents the women .
the presidents respect the ministers .
the candidates the presidents respect .
respect the secretaries the presidents .
the presidents respect the commissioners .
the presidents the children respect .
the presidents respect the teachers .
the students the presidents respect .
replace the man the presidents .
the woman replace the presidents .
the presidents the minister replace .
replace the presidents the candidate .
the secretary the presidents replace .
the commissioner the presidents replace .
replace the presidents the child .
the presidents replace the teacher .
the student the presidents replace .
replace the men the presidents .
the women the presidents replace .
the presidents replace the ministers .
replace the candidates the presidents .
the presidents replace the secretaries .
replace the presidents the commissioners .
the children the presidents replace .
the teachers the presidents replace .
the students replace the presidents .
exploit the man the presidents .
exploit the presidents the woman .
the minister the presidents exploit .
the candidate the presidents exploit .
exploit the presidents the secretary .
exploit the presidents the commissioner .
the presidents exploit the child .
exploit the presidents the teacher .
the presidents exploit the student .
exploit the presidents the men .
the women the presidents exploit .
the presidents the ministers exploit .
exploit the presidents the candidates .
the presidents exploit the secretaries .
the presidents exploit the commissioners .
the children the presidents exploit .
the teachers exploit the presidents .
exploit the presidents the students .
the president the men thank .
the woman thank the men .
the men the minister thank .
thank the men the candidate .
the men thank the secretary .
thank the men the commissioner .
the child thank the men .
thank the teacher the men .
thank the student the men .
thank the presidents the men .
the women thank the men .
the men thank the ministers .
thank the men the candidates .
thank the men the secretaries .
thank the commissioners the men .
the men the children thank .
thank the teachers the men .
thank the students the men .
the men the president support .
support the men the woman .
the minister the men support .
the men the candidate support .
support the secretary the men .
the men the commissioner support .
support the child the men .
the men the teacher support .
support the student the men .
the men the presidents support .
the men the women support .
the ministers the men support .
the candidates the men support .
the men support the secretaries .
support the men the commissioners .
the men the children support .
the teachers support the men .
the men the students support .
represent the president the men .
the men represent the woman .
the men represent the minister .
the men represent the candidate .
represent the secretary the men .
represent the men the commissioner .
the men the child represent .
the men the teacher represent .
the men represent the student .
the presidents represent the men .
the women represent the men .
the men represent the ministers .
represent the candidates the men .
the men represent the secretaries .
the commissioners the men represent .
the men represent the children .
the teachers represent the men .
the men the students represent .
defend the men the president .
the men defend the woman .
the minister defend the men .
the candidate the men defend .
the men the secretary defend .
defend the commissioner the men .
the men the child defend .
the men defend the teacher .
the student defend the men .
the presidents the men defend .
the men the women defend .
the men the ministers defend .
the men the candidates defend .
defend the secretaries the men .
the men the commissioners defend .
the children the men defend .
the teachers the men defend .
the students defend the men .
the president welcome the men .
the woman the men welcome .
welcome the minister the men .
the candidate welcome the men .
welcome the secretary the men .
the men welcome the commissioner .
welcome the child the men .
welcome the men the teacher .
the men the student welcome .
welcome the presidents the men .
welcome the men the women .
welcome the men the ministers .
the men welcome the candidates .
welcome the men the secretaries .
the commissioners the men welcome .
welcome the men the children .
the teachers welcome the men .
the men welcome the students .
invite the men the president .
the men the woman invite .
the minister invite the men .
the men the candidate invite .
the men invite the secretary .
invite the commissioner the men .
invite the men the child .
the men invite the teacher .
the student invite the men .
invite the presidents the men .
invite the men the women .
invite the men the ministers .
the candidates invite the men .
the secretaries the men invite .
invite the commissioners the men .
invite the men the children .
the teachers invite the men .
the men the students invite .
the president attack the men .
the woman attack the men .
the men the minister attack .
attack the men the candidate .
the men the secretary attack .
the men attack the commissioner .
the men the child attack .
the teacher attack the men .
the men attack the student .
the presidents the men attack .
the men the women attack .
the ministers the men attack .
the men the candidates attack .
the secretaries attack the men .
the men the commissioners attack .
attack the children the men .
attack the men the teachers .
attack the students the men .
the men respect the president .
the woman the men respect .
the minister respect the men .
the men respect the candidate .
the men respect the secretary .
respect the men the commissioner .
the men the child respect .
respect the teacher the men .
the men respect the student .
respect the presidents the men .
the women respect the men .
respect the men the ministers .
the men the candidates respect .
the men respect the secretaries .
respect the men the commissioners .
the children the men respect .
the men respect the teachers .
the men the students respect .
the men replace the president .
replace the woman the men .
replace the minister the men .
the men replace the candidate .
the secretary replace the men .
replace the men the commissioner .
replace the child the men .
replace the teacher the men .
the men replace the student .
replace the men the presidents .
replace the women the men .
the ministers the men replace .
replace the candidates the men .
replace the men the secretaries .
replace the men the commissioners .
replace the men the children .
the men the teachers replace .
the men the students replace .
exploit the president the men .
the men the woman exploit .
exploit the minister the men .
the candidate exploit the men .
the secretary exploit the men .
the men the commissioner exploit .
the men exploit the child .
the teacher the men exploit .
the student the men exploit .
the presidents the men exploit .
the men exploit the women .
exploit the men the ministers .
the men exploit the candidates .
the secretaries the men exploit .
exploit the commissioners the men .
the children the men exploit .
the men the teachers exploit .
the men exploit the students .
the women thank the president .
thank the women the man .
the women thank the minister .
thank the candidate the women .
the women the secretary thank .
thank the women the commissioner .
the women thank the child .
thank the teacher the women .
the student thank the women .
the women the presidents thank .
the women the men thank .
the women the ministers thank .
thank the candidates the women .
the secretaries thank the women .
thank the women the commissioners .
thank the children the women .
thank the teachers the women .
thank the women the students .
support the president the women .
the women the man support .
the women support the minister .
the women support the candidate .
the secretary the women support .
support the commissioner the women .
support the women the child .
the women the teacher support .
the women support the student .
the presidents the women support .
the men the women support .
the ministers the women support .
the women the candidates support .
support the women the secretaries .
support the commissioners the women .
the children support the women .
support the women the teachers .
the students support the women .
represent the president the women .
the women represent the man .
the women represent the minister .
the candidate the women represent .
represent the women the secretary .
the commissioner the women represent .
represent the women the child .
the teacher the women represent .
the women represent the student .
the presidents the women represent .
the women the men represent .
the women represent the ministers .
the women represent the candidates .
represent the secretaries the women .
represent the women the commissioners .
represent the children the women .
represent the women the teachers .
the women the students represent .
defend the women the president .
the man the women defend .
defend the minister the women .
the women the candidate defend .
defend the women the secretary .
the commissioner the women defend .
the child defend the women .
the teacher the women defend .
the student defend the women .
the presidents defend the women .
the men defend the women .
defend the ministers the women .
the candidates the women defend .
the women defend the secretaries .
defend the commissioners the women .
the women the children defend .
the women defend the teachers .
the students defend the women .
welcome the president the women .
welcome the women the man .
welcome the minister the women .
the women welcome the candidate .
the secretary welcome the women .
welcome the women the commissioner .
welcome the child the women .
welcome the women the teacher .
the student the women welcome .
welcome the presidents the women .
the women welcome the men .
welcome the women the ministers .
welcome the candidates the women .
the women welcome the secretaries .
welcome the women the commissioners .
welcome the children the women .
the teachers welcome the women .
welcome the students the women .
invite the president the women .
the women invite the man .
the minister invite the women .
the women invite the candidate .
the women invite the secretary .
the women invite the commissioner .
invite the women the child .
the teacher invite the women .
the women invite the student .
invite the women the presidents .
invite the women the men .
the ministers invite the women .
the women invite the candidates .
invite the women the secretaries .
the commissioners the women invite .
the children invite the women .
the teachers invite the women .
invite the students the women .
attack the president the women .
the man the women attack .
attack the minister the women .
the women the candidate attack .
the secretary the women attack .
the commissioner attack the women .
the child the women attack .
attack the teacher the women .
attack the women the student .
the presidents the women attack .
attack the men the women .
the ministers the women attack .
the women attack the candidates .
the secretaries the women attack .
attack the women the commissioners .
attack the children the women .
the teachers the women attack .
the students attack the women .
the president the women respect .
the man respect the women .
the minister respect the women .
the candidate respect the women .
the secretary the women respect .
the commissioner the women respect .
the women the child respect .
respect the teacher the women .
respect the student the women .
the women the presidents respect .
the women the men respect .
the ministers the women respect .
respect the candidates the women .
the secretaries respect the women .
respect the women the commissioners .
respect the children the women .
respect the women the teachers .
the women the students respect .
the president the women replace .
the man replace the women .
replace the women the minister .
the women the candidate replace .
the secretary replace the women .
the commissioner the women replace .
the child replace the women .
the teacher replace the women .
replace the student the women .
the presidents replace the women .
replace the men the women .
replace the women the ministers .
the candidates the women replace .
the women the secretaries replace .
replace the women the commissioners .
the children replace the women .
replace the teachers the women .
the students the women replace .
the president exploit the women .
the women exploit the man .
the minister exploit the women .
exploit the candidate the women .
the secretary exploit the women .
exploit the commissioner the women .
the women exploit the child .
exploit the women the teacher .
exploit the women the student .
exploit the presidents the women .
the women the men exploit .
the women the ministers exploit .
exploit the candidates the women .
the women exploit the secretaries .
the women exploit the commissioners .
exploit the children the women .
exploit the teachers the women .
the women exploit the students .
the ministers the president thank .
the man the ministers thank .
thank the ministers the woman .
the ministers thank the candidate .
thank the secretary the ministers .
thank the commissioner the ministers .
the ministers the child thank .
the ministers thank the teacher .
the student thank the ministers .
the ministers thank the presidents .
the ministers thank the men .
the ministers the women thank .
thank the candidates the ministers .
the ministers the secretaries thank .
thank the ministers the commissioners .
thank the children the ministers .
thank the ministers the teachers .
the students thank the ministers .
the president support the ministers .
the man support the ministers .
the woman the ministers support .
support the candidate the ministers .
support the secretary the ministers .
the ministers the commissioner support .
support the ministers the child .
the ministers the teacher support .
the ministers the student support .
the ministers the presidents support .
the men support the ministers .
the ministers the women support .
the candidates support the ministers .
the secretaries support the ministers .
the commissioners the ministers support .
support the children the ministers .
the teachers support the ministers .
the ministers the students support .
the ministers represent the president .
the man the ministers represent .
the woman the ministers represent .
represent the candidate the ministers .
represent the secretary the ministers .
represent the commissioner the ministers .
represent the child the ministers .
the teacher represent the ministers .
the ministers the student represent .
represent the presidents the ministers .
the ministers the men represent .
the women the ministers represent .
the candidates the ministers represent .
represent the secretaries the ministers .
the commissioners represent the ministers .
the children the ministers represent .
represent the teachers the ministers .
the students the ministers represent .
defend the ministers the president .
the ministers defend the man .
the ministers defend the woman .
defend the ministers the candidate .
the ministers the secretary defend .
the commissioner defend the ministers .
the child the ministers defend .
the ministers defend the teacher .
the ministers the student defend .
defend the presidents the ministers .
the men defend the ministers .
the ministers the women defend .
the ministers defend the candidates .
the secretaries the ministers defend .
the commissioners defend the ministers .
defend the children the ministers .
the teachers the ministers defend .
the students the ministers defend .
the president welcome the ministers .
the man the ministers welcome .
welcome the woman the ministers .
the candidate welcome the ministers .
welcome the secretary the ministers .
the commissioner welcome the ministers .
the ministers the child welcome .
the teacher the ministers welcome .
the student welcome the ministers .
welcome the presidents the ministers .
welcome the ministers the men .
the women welcome the ministers .
welcome the candidates the ministers .
the secretaries the ministers welcome .
the ministers welcome the commissioners .
the ministers welcome the children .
the teachers welcome the ministers .
welcome the ministers the students .
the ministers invite the president .
the man the ministers invite .
the ministers invite the woman .
the ministers the candidate invite .
invite the secretary the ministers .
the ministers invite the commissioner .
the ministers the child invite .
the ministers the teacher invite .
the student invite the ministers .
the presidents invite the ministers .
invite the men the ministers .
the ministers invite the women .
invite the candidates the ministers .
the ministers the secretaries invite .
the commissioners the ministers invite .
invite the ministers the children .
invite the teachers the ministers .
the ministers invite the students .
the ministers the president attack .
the man the ministers attack .
the woman attack the ministers .
the ministers the candidate attack .
attack the secretary the ministers .
the ministers the commissioner attack .
attack the ministers the child .
the teacher the ministers attack .
the student attack the ministers .
the presidents attack the ministers .
the ministers the men attack .
attack the ministers the women .
the candidates attack the ministers .
attack the ministers the secretaries .
the ministers the commissioners attack .
the ministers the children attack .
the ministers attack the teachers .
attack the students the ministers .
the ministers respect the president .
respect the man the ministers .
the ministers the woman respect .
the candidate respect the ministers .
the ministers the secretary respect .
respect the ministers the commissioner .
the ministers the child respect .
the ministers the teacher respect .
the student the ministers respect .
the presidents the ministers respect .
respect the ministers the men .
respect the women the ministers .
the candidates respect the ministers .
the secretaries the ministers respect .
the ministers the commissioners respect .
respect the ministers the children .
respect the ministers the teachers .
the students respect the ministers .
the president replace the ministers .
the ministers replace the man .
the woman the ministers replace .
the ministers the candidate replace .
replace the secretary the ministers .
the commissioner the ministers replace .
replace the child the ministers .
replace the teacher the ministers .
the student replace the ministers .
the ministers the presidents replace .
replace the ministers the men .
replace the ministers the women .
the ministers the candidates replace .
the ministers replace the secretaries .
replace the commissioners the ministers .
the children the ministers replace .
the ministers the teachers replace .
replace the ministers the students .
the ministers the president exploit .
exploit the ministers the man .
the ministers exploit the woman .
the candidate exploit the ministers .
the secretary the ministers exploit .
exploit the ministers the commissioner .
the ministers exploit the child .
the ministers exploit the teacher .
the ministers exploit the student .
the ministers exploit the presidents .
exploit the men the ministers .
the women the ministers exploit .
the ministers the candidates exploit .
the ministers exploit the secretaries .
exploit the ministers the commissioners .
exploit the ministers the children .
the ministers exploit the teachers .
exploit the students the ministers .
the president the candidates thank .
the candidates thank the man .
the candidates thank the woman .
thank the candidates the minister .
the secretary thank the candidates .
thank the commissioner the candidates .
the candidates thank the child .
thank the candidates the teacher .
thank the candidates the student .
the presidents the candidates thank .
the men the candidates thank .
the women the candidates thank .
thank the candidates the ministers .
thank the secretaries the candidates .
thank the candidates the commissioners .
thank the candidates the children .
thank the candidates the teachers .
the candidates the students thank .
support the candidates the president .
the candidates the man support .
the woman support the candidates .
the minister support the candidates .
the secretary support the candidates .
support the commissioner the candidates .
support the child the candidates .
the candidates the teacher support .
the student the candidates support .
the candidates the presidents support .
the candidates support the men .
support the candidates the women .
support the ministers the candidates .
the candidates support the secretaries .
the commissioners the candidates support .
the children the candidates support .
support the teachers the candidates .
the students the candidates support .
the candidates represent the president .
the candidates represent the man .
represent the woman the candidates .
represent the minister the candidates .
represent the secretary the candidates .
represent the candidates the commissioner .
represent the child the candidates .
represent the candidates the teacher .
the student the candidates represent .
the presidents the candidates represent .
the men represent the candidates .
the candidates represent the women .
represent the ministers the candidates .
the secretaries represent the candidates .
represent the commissioners the candidates .
the candidates the children represent .
the teachers the candidates represent .
the candidates represent the students .
defend the president the candidates .
the man defend the candidates .
defend the woman the candidates .
the minister defend the candidates .
defend the candidates the secretary .
the commissioner defend the candidates .
the child the candidates defend .
the candidates the teacher defend .
the student the candidates defend .
defend the presidents the candidates .
defend the candidates the men .
the candidates defend the women .
defend the ministers the candidates .
the secretaries defend the candidates .
defend the candidates the commissioners .
the children defend the candidates .
the candidates the teachers defend .
the candidates defend the students .
the candidates welcome the president .
the man welcome the candidates .
the candidates welcome the woman .
welcome the minister the candidates .
welcome the secretary the candidates .
welcome the commissioner the candidates .
welcome the candidates the child .
the teacher welcome the candidates .
the student welcome the candidates .
the presidents the candidates welcome .
the candidates welcome the men .
welcome the candidates the women .
the ministers the candidates welcome .
the secretaries welcome the candidates .
the candidates the commissioners welcome .
welcome the candidates the children .
the candidates welcome the teachers .
welcome the students the candidates .
the president invite the candidates .
invite the man the candidates .
the candidates the woman invite .
the candidates the minister invite .
the candidates the secretary invite .
the candidates the commissioner invite .
invite the child the candidates .
the teacher the candidates invite .
the student the candidates invite .
the candidates invite the presidents .
invite the men the candidates .
invite the candidates the women .
the candidates invite the ministers .
invite the secretaries the candidates .
invite the candidates the commissioners .
the candidates invite the children .
invite the teachers the candidates .
invite the students the candidates .
attack the president the candidates .
the candidates attack the man .
attack the woman the candidates .
attack the minister the candidates .
the secretary attack the candidates .
the commissioner attack the candidates .
attack the candidates the child .
attack the candidates the teacher .
the candidates attack the student .
the presidents the candidates attack .
the men the candidates attack .
the women the candidates attack .
attack the ministers the candidates .
attack the secretaries the candidates .
attack the candidates the commissioners .
the children the candidates attack .
attack the teachers the candidates .
the candidates attack the students .
the president respect the candidates .
the man respect the candidates .
the woman respect the candidates .
the candidates the minister respect .
the candidates the secretary respect .
respect the candidates the commissioner .
the candidates the child respect .
respect the candidates the teacher .
the student respect the candidates .
the presidents respect the candidates .
respect the men the candidates .
the women the candidates respect .
the ministers the candidates respect .
respect the secretaries the candidates .
respect the candidates the commissioners .
the candidates respect the children .
the teachers respect the candidates .
the students respect the candidates .
replace the president the candidates .
the candidates replace the man .
the candidates replace the woman .
the candidates the minister replace .
the secretary the candidates replace .
replace the candidates the commissioner .
the child the candidates replace .
replace the candidates the teacher .
the student replace the candidates .
the presidents replace the candidates .
replace the candidates the men .
the candidates the women replace .
the ministers replace the candidates .
replace the secretaries the candidates .
the commissioners replace the candidates .
the children replace the candidates .
the teachers the candidates replace .
the students the candidates replace .
exploit the candidates the president .
the man the candidates exploit .
the candidates the woman exploit .
exploit the candidates the minister .
the secretary the candidates exploit .
the commissioner the candidates exploit .
the child the candidates exploit .
the candidates exploit the teacher .
the candidates the student exploit .
the candidates the presidents exploit .
the candidates the men exploit .
exploit the candidates the women .
exploit the candidates the ministers .
exploit the candidates the secretaries .
exploit the candidates the commissioners .
exploit the candidates the children .
the teachers the candidates exploit .
the students exploit the candidates .
the president the secretaries thank .
the man thank the secretaries .
the woman thank the secretaries .
the secretaries the minister thank .
the candidate thank the secretaries .
thank the commissioner the secretaries .
the child the secretaries thank .
the teacher thank the secretaries .
the secretaries thank the student .
the presidents the secretaries thank .
the men thank the secretaries .
thank the secretaries the women .
the ministers thank the secretaries .
thank the candidates the secretaries .
thank the commissioners the secretaries .
the children thank the secretaries .
the secretaries the teachers thank .
thank the secretaries the students .
the president the secretaries support .
the man the secretaries support .
the secretaries support the woman .
support the secretaries the minister .
the secretaries the candidate support .
support the commissioner the secretaries .
the child the secretaries support .
the teacher support the secretaries .
support the student the secretaries .
support the presidents the secretaries .
support the men the secretaries .
the women the secretaries support .
the ministers the secretaries support .
support the candidates the secretaries .
the commissioners support the secretaries .
the secretaries support the children .
support the teachers the secretaries .
the students the secretaries support .
the president represent the secretaries .
the man represent the secretaries .
the secretaries the woman represent .
the minister the secretaries represent .
the secretaries the candidate represent .
the secretaries represent the commissioner .
represent the child the secretaries .
the teacher represent the secretaries .
represent the secretaries the student .
the presidents the secretaries represent .
represent the men the secretaries .
the secretaries represent the women .
represent the secretaries the ministers .
the secretaries the candidates represent .
the secretaries represent the commissioners .
represent the secretaries the children .
represent the secretaries the teachers .
represent the students the secretaries .
the president the secretaries defend .
defend the secretaries the man .
the woman defend the secretaries .
defend the minister the secretaries .
the candidate the secretaries defend .
defend the commissioner the secretaries .
defend the child the secretaries .
the secretaries defend the teacher .
defend the student the secretaries .
the presidents the secretaries defend .
defend the secretaries the men .
defend the secretaries the women .
the secretaries the ministers defend .
the candidates the secretaries defend .
defend the commissioners the secretaries .
the secretaries the children defend .
defend the secretaries the teachers .
defend the secretaries the students .
the president the secretaries welcome .
welcome the secretaries the man .
the woman the secretaries welcome .
welcome the secretaries the minister .
the candidate welcome the secretaries .
the commissioner the secretaries welcome .
the secretaries the child welcome .
welcome the secretaries the teacher .
welcome the student the secretaries .
the secretaries the presidents welcome .
welcome the secretaries the men .
the secretaries welcome the women .
the secretaries welcome the ministers .
the secretaries welcome the candidates .
the commissioners the secretaries welcome .
the secretaries the children welcome .
welcome the secretaries the teachers .
the secretaries the students welcome .
the president invite the secretaries .
the man the secretaries invite .
invite the secretaries the woman .
invite the secretaries the minister .
the secretaries invite the candidate .
invite the commissioner the secretaries .
invite the child the secretaries .
the secretaries invite the teacher .
invite the secretaries the student .
invite the secretaries the presidents .
the secretaries invite the men .
the secretaries the women invite .
the secretaries the ministers invite .
invite the secretaries the candidates .
the secretaries invite the commissioners .
the secretaries invite the children .
the teachers the secretaries invite .
the secretaries invite the students .
the secretaries attack the president .
the secretaries attack the man .
the secretaries the woman attack .
the minister the secretaries attack .
the secretaries the candidate attack .
attack the commissioner the secretaries .
attack the secretaries the child .
the secretaries the teacher attack .
the student attack the secretaries .
attack the secretaries the presidents .
attack the men the secretaries .
attack the secretaries the women .
attack the ministers the secretaries .
the candidates the secretaries attack .
the secretaries attack the commissioners .
the children the secretaries attack .
the teachers the secretaries attack .
the students the secretaries attack .
respect the secretaries the president .
the man the secretaries respect .
respect the woman the secretaries .
the secretaries respect the minister .
the secretaries respect the candidate .
respect the commissioner the secretaries .
the secretaries respect the child .
the secretaries respect the teacher .
the secretaries respect the student .
respect the secretaries the presidents .
respect the secretaries the men .
the women respect the secretaries .
the ministers the secretaries respect .
respect the secretaries the candidates .
respect the commissioners the secretaries .
respect the secretaries the children .
respect the teachers the secretaries .
respect the secretaries the students .
replace the secretaries the president .
replace the secretaries the man .
the woman replace the secretaries .
the secretaries the minister replace .
the secretaries the candidate replace .
replace the secretaries the commissioner .
replace the secretaries the child .
the secretaries the teacher replace .
the student the secretaries replace .
the secretaries the presidents replace .
replace the men the secretaries .
replace the women the secretaries .
the secretaries the ministers replace .
the candidates replace the secretaries .
the commissioners replace the secretaries .
the secretaries replace the children .
replace the teachers the secretaries .
replace the secretaries the students .
exploit the secretaries the president .
the man exploit the secretaries .
exploit the woman the secretaries .
exploit the minister the secretaries .
exploit the candidate the secretaries .
the commissioner the secretaries exploit .
the secretaries the child exploit .
the secretaries the teacher exploit .
the student exploit the secretaries .
exploit the secretaries the presidents .
exploit the secretaries the men .
the women the secretaries exploit .
exploit the secretaries the ministers .
the secretaries the candidates exploit .
the secretaries exploit the commissioners .
the children the secretaries exploit .
the teachers exploit the secretaries .
the students the secretaries exploit .
the commissioners thank the president .
thank the commissioners the man .
the commissioners thank the woman .
the minister the commissioners thank .
the commissioners the candidate thank .
thank the commissioners the secretary .
the child the commissioners thank .
the teacher thank the commissioners .
thank the student the commissioners .
the presidents the commissioners thank .
thank the men the commissioners .
the women the commissioners thank .
thank the ministers the commissioners .
the candidates the commissioners thank .
the commissioners the secretaries thank .
the commissioners the children thank .
the commissioners the teachers thank .
thank the students the commissioners .
support the commissioners the president .
the man support the commissioners .
the commissioners support the woman .
the minister the commissioners support .
the commissioners the candidate support .
the secretary support the commissioners .
the child the commissioners support .
support the commissioners the teacher .
support the commissioners the student .
the commissioners the presidents support .
the men the commissioners support .
support the commissioners the women .
support the ministers the commissioners .
support the candidates the commissioners .
the secretaries support the commissioners .
the children support the commissioners .
the teachers support the commissioners .
the students support the commissioners .
the president the commissioners represent .
the commissioners represent the man .
the commissioners the woman represent .
the minister represent the commissioners .
represent the candidate the commissioners .
represent the commissioners the secretary .
represent the commissioners the child .
represent the commissioners the teacher .
the commissioners the student represent .
the commissioners the presidents represent .
the men represent the commissioners .
the women represent the commissioners .
the ministers the commissioners represent .
the candidates the commissioners represent .
the commissioners the secretaries represent .
represent the children the commissioners .
represent the commissioners the teachers .
the students represent the commissioners .
defend the president the commissioners .
the man defend the commissioners .
the woman defend the commissioners .
the minister defend the commissioners .
the candidate the commissioners defend .
the secretary the commissioners defend .
defend the child the commissioners .
the commissioners the teacher defend .
the student defend the commissioners .
defend the presidents the commissioners .
the commissioners defend the men .
the women the commissioners defend .
the ministers defend the commissioners .
the candidates the commissioners defend .
the secretaries defend the commissioners .
the commissioners the children defend .
the commissioners defend the teachers .
defend the commissioners the students .
welcome the commissioners the president .
the commissioners welcome the man .
welcome the commissioners the woman .
welcome the minister the commissioners .
welcome the commissioners the candidate .
welcome the secretary the commissioners .
the child the commissioners welcome .
welcome the commissioners the teacher .
welcome the student the commissioners .
the commissioners the presidents welcome .
welcome the commissioners the men .
welcome the commissioners the women .
the ministers welcome the commissioners .
the candidates the commissioners welcome .
the secretaries the commissioners welcome .
the children the commissioners welcome .
the commissioners the teachers welcome .
the students welcome the commissioners .
invite the commissioners the president .
invite the commissioners the man .
invite the commissioners the woman .
invite the commissioners the minister .
the commissioners the candidate invite .
invite the secretary the commissioners .
the commissioners invite the child .
invite the teacher the commissioners .
the student invite the commissioners .
the commissioners invite the presidents .
invite the men the commissioners .
the women invite the commissioners .
the commissioners the ministers invite .
the commissioners invite the candidates .
the commissioners the secretaries invite .
the commissioners invite the children .
invite the teachers the commissioners .
the students invite the commissioners .
the commissioners the president attack .
the man the commissioners attack .
the woman attack the commissioners .
attack the minister the commissioners .
the commissioners the candidate attack .
the commissioners the secretary attack .
the commissioners attack the child .
the commissioners attack the teacher .
the commissioners attack the student .
attack the commissioners the presidents .
attack the commissioners the men .
attack the women the commissioners .
attack the commissioners the ministers .
the commissioners attack the candidates .
attack the commissioners the secretaries .
the commissioners the children attack .
the teachers the commissioners attack .
attack the students the commissioners .
the president the commissioners respect .
the commissioners respect the man .
the commissioners the woman respect .
the commissioners respect the minister .
the commissioners respect the candidate .
the commissioners respect the secretary .
respect the child the commissioners .
the commissioners respect the teacher .
respect the commissioners the student .
respect the commissioners the presidents .
the men the commissioners respect .
respect the women the commissioners .
the ministers the commissioners respect .
the candidates respect the commissioners .
the commissioners the secretaries respect .
the children the commissioners respect .
respect the commissioners the teachers .
the students respect the commissioners .
replace the commissioners the president .
the commissioners the man replace .
the commissioners replace the woman .
the commissioners replace the minister .
the candidate the commissioners replace .
the secretary the commissioners replace .
replace the commissioners the child .
the commissioners the teacher replace .
replace the student the commissioners .
the commissioners replace the presidents .
the men the commissioners replace .
replace the women the commissioners .
the ministers the commissioners replace .
the candidates the commissioners replace .
replace the secretaries the commissioners .
the children the commissioners replace .
replace the commissioners the teachers .
replace the commissioners the students .
the president exploit the commissioners .
exploit the commissioners the man .
exploit the commissioners the woman .
the minister the commissioners exploit .
exploit the candidate the commissioners .
the secretary the commissioners exploit .
exploit the commissioners the child .
exploit the commissioners the teacher .
the commissioners the student exploit .
the commissioners the presidents exploit .
exploit the men the commissioners .
the commissioners exploit the women .
the ministers exploit the commissioners .
the candidates the commissioners exploit .
the commissioners exploit the secretaries .
the commissioners the children exploit .
exploit the commissioners the teachers .
the students exploit the commissioners .
thank the children the president .
the man the children thank .
the woman thank the children .
the minister thank the children .
the children the candidate thank .
the secretary the children thank .
the children thank the commissioner .
thank the teacher the children .
the children the student thank .
the children the presidents thank .
the men thank the children .
the women thank the children .
the ministers thank the children .
the children the candidates thank .
the secretaries the children thank .
thank the commissioners the children .
the teachers the children thank .
the students the children thank .
support the president the children .
the man the children support .
the woman the children support .
the children the minister support .
the candidate support the children .
the secretary support the children .
the children support the commissioner .
the children support the teacher .
the children the student support .
support the presidents the children .
the children the men support .
support the women the children .
support the children the ministers .
support the children the candidates .
the secretaries support the children .
support the children the commissioners .
support the teachers the children .
the children support the students .
the children the president represent .
the man the children represent .
the woman represent the children .
the children the minister represent .
the candidate represent the children .
the secretary the children represent .
the commissioner represent the children .
the children represent the teacher .
the children represent the student .
the children represent the presidents .
the men the children represent .
the women represent the children .
the ministers the children represent .
the children the candidates represent .
represent the children the secretaries .
the children represent the commissioners .
represent the children the teachers .
the students the children represent .
the president defend the children .
the man defend the children .
the woman defend the children .
defend the children the minister .
the children defend the candidate .
the children the secretary defend .
the commissioner the children defend .
the children the teacher defend .
defend the student the children .
the presidents the children defend .
the children the men defend .
defend the children the women .
defend the ministers the children .
the children the candidates defend .
the children defend the secretaries .
the children defend the commissioners .
defend the children the teachers .
the children defend the students .
the president the children welcome .
the man the children welcome .
the children the woman welcome .
the minister the children welcome .
the children the candidate welcome .
the secretary the children welcome .
the children welcome the commissioner .
the children welcome the teacher .
the student welcome the children .
welcome the children the presidents .
the men welcome the children .
the children welcome the women .
the children welcome the ministers .
the children welcome the candidates .
the children the secretaries welcome .
the commissioners welcome the children .
the children the teachers welcome .
the students welcome the children .
the president invite the children .
the man invite the children .
invite the children the woman .
the children the minister invite .
invite the children the candidate .
the children the secretary invite .
the children invite the commissioner .
the teacher invite the children .
invite the children the student .
the children the presidents invite .
invite the men the children .
the women the children invite .
the ministers invite the children .
the candidates the children invite .
the children the secretaries invite .
invite the commissioners the children .
invite the children the teachers .
the children the students invite .
the president the children attack .
the children attack the man .
the woman attack the children .
attack the children the minister .
the children attack the candidate .
the secretary attack the children .
the commissioner the children attack .
the children attack the teacher .
attack the children the student .
attack the children the presidents .
attack the children the men .
attack the children the women .
attack the ministers the children .
the candidates the children attack .
the secretaries attack the children .
the commissioners the children attack .
the teachers attack the children .
the children attack the students .
the president respect the children .
respect the children the man .
the children respect the woman .
respect the minister the children .
the children the candidate respect .
the secretary respect the children .
the children the commissioner respect .
respect the teacher the children .
the children the student respect .
the children respect the presidents .
the men the children respect .
the children the women respect .
the ministers the children respect .
the candidates respect the children .
the secretaries respect the children .
the children respect the commissioners .
the teachers respect the children .
the children respect the students .
replace the president the children .
replace the children the man .
the children replace the woman .
the children replace the minister .
the candidate the children replace .
replace the children the secretary .
replace the commissioner the children .
the teacher replace the children .
the children replace the student .
replace the presidents the children .
replace the men the children .
the women replace the children .
the children replace the ministers .
the candidates the children replace .
the children replace the secretaries .
replace the children the commissioners .
the teachers the children replace .
the children the students replace .
the children exploit the president .
the man the children exploit .
the children exploit the woman .
the minister exploit the children .
the children exploit the candidate .
exploit the secretary the children .
the commissioner the children exploit .
exploit the children the teacher .
the children exploit the student .
the presidents the children exploit .
the children the men exploit .
the women exploit the children .
the ministers the children exploit .
exploit the children the candidates .
the secretaries the children exploit .
exploit the commissioners the children .
the teachers the children exploit .
the students the children exploit .
the president the teachers thank .
the teachers the man thank .
thank the woman the teachers .
thank the teachers the minister .
the teachers the candidate thank .
the secretary thank the teachers .
the commissioner thank the teachers .
the child thank the teachers .
the teachers thank the student .
the presidents thank the teachers .
the men the teachers thank .
the teachers thank the women .
the ministers thank the teachers .
the teachers thank the candidates .
the secretaries the teachers thank .
thank the teachers the commissioners .
the children thank the teachers .
thank the teachers the students .
support the teachers the president .
the teachers the man support .
the woman support the teachers .
support the teachers the minister .
support the candidate the teachers .
the secretary the teachers support .
the commissioner support the teachers .
the teachers the child support .
support the student the teachers .
support the teachers the presidents .
support the men the teachers .
support the women the teachers .
the teachers support the ministers .
the candidates the teachers support .
the secretaries support the teachers .
the commissioners support the teachers .
the teachers the children support .
the teachers support the students .
represent the president the teachers .
represent the teachers the man .
the woman the teachers represent .
the teachers represent the minister .
represent the candidate the teachers .
the teachers the secretary represent .
the commissioner the teachers represent .
the teachers the child represent .
represent the student the teachers .
the presidents the teachers represent .
the teachers the men represent .
represent the teachers the women .
the teachers represent the ministers .
the candidates represent the teachers .
the secretaries represent the teachers .
the teachers represent the commissioners .
the children represent the teachers .
the teachers the students represent .
defend the president the teachers .
the teachers the man defend .
the woman the teachers defend .
defend the minister the teachers .
the candidate the teachers defend .
the secretary the teachers defend .
the teachers the commissioner defend .
the child defend the teachers .
the student the teachers defend .
the presidents defend the teachers .
the teachers defend the men .
defend the teachers the women .
the teachers the ministers defend .
the teachers defend the candidates .
defend the teachers the secretaries .
the commissioners the teachers defend .
the teachers the children defend .
the students the teachers defend .
the president the teachers welcome .
the man the teachers welcome .
welcome the teachers the woman .
welcome the minister the teachers .
welcome the candidate the teachers .
welcome the teachers the secretary .
the commissioner the teachers welcome .
welcome the child the teachers .
welcome the teachers the student .
the teachers the presidents welcome .
welcome the teachers the men .
the teachers welcome the women .
welcome the teachers the ministers .
the candidates the teachers welcome .
the secretaries welcome the teachers .
the teachers welcome the commissioners .
the children the teachers welcome .
welcome the teachers the students .
the president invite the teachers .
invite the man the teachers .
the teachers invite the woman .
the teachers invite the minister .
invite the candidate the teachers .
the secretary invite the teachers .
invite the commissioner the teachers .
the teachers invite the child .
the student invite the teachers .
invite the presidents the teachers .
the men invite the teachers .
the teachers the women invite .
the ministers the teachers invite .
the teachers invite the candidates .
invite the secretaries the teachers .
the commissioners invite the teachers .
the teachers the children invite .
the teachers the students invite .
the teachers attack the president .
the teachers the man attack .
attack the teachers the woman .
the minister attack the teachers .
attack the teachers the candidate .
attack the secretary the teachers .
the commissioner attack the teachers .
the child the teachers attack .
the student the teachers attack .
the presidents attack the teachers .
the men attack the teachers .
the teachers attack the women .
the ministers the teachers attack .
the teachers attack the candidates .
the teachers the secretaries attack .
attack the commissioners the teachers .
the teachers the children attack .
attack the teachers the students .
the teachers the president respect .
respect the teachers the man .
the woman respect the teachers .
the teachers respect the minister .
the candidate respect the teachers .
respect the secretary the teachers .
the teachers respect the commissioner .
the teachers respect the child .
the teachers respect the student .
respect the presidents the teachers .
respect the teachers the men .
the teachers the women respect .
the teachers respect the ministers .
the candidates the teachers respect .
respect the teachers the secretaries .
the commissioners the teachers respect .
the teachers respect the children .
respect the teachers the students .
the president the teachers replace .
the man replace the teachers .
replace the teachers the woman .
the teachers replace the minister .
the candidate replace the teachers .
the secretary the teachers replace .
replace the teachers the commissioner .
replace the child the teachers .
the student replace the teachers .
the teachers the presidents replace .
the men the teachers replace .
replace the women the teachers .
replace the teachers the ministers .
the teachers replace the candidates .
the secretaries replace the teachers .
replace the commissioners the teachers .
replace the children the teachers .
the students replace the teachers .
exploit the president the teachers .
the teachers exploit the man .
the teachers exploit the woman .
the minister the teachers exploit .
the teachers the candidate exploit .
the secretary exploit the teachers .
the teachers the commissioner exploit .
exploit the teachers the child .
the teachers exploit the student .
exploit the teachers the presidents .
exploit the teachers the men .
the women exploit the teachers .
exploit the teachers the ministers .
the teachers the candidates exploit .
the secretaries the teachers exploit .
exploit the commissioners the teachers .
the teachers the children exploit .
exploit the teachers the students .
the students the president thank .
the man thank the students .
the woman thank the students .
the students the minister thank .
the candidate the students thank .
the students the secretary thank .
thank the commissioner the students .
thank the child the students .
the teacher thank the students .
the students thank the presidents .
the students thank the men .
thank the women the students .
thank the ministers the students .
the students thank the candidates .
the students thank the secretaries .
thank the students the commissioners .
the children the students thank .
thank the students the teachers .
support the president the students .
support the man the students .
the students support the woman .
support the minister the students .
support the candidate the students .
support the students the secretary .
the commissioner support the students .
the students support the child .
support the teacher the students .
the presidents support the students .
the students the men support .
the women support the students .
the students the ministers support .
support the students the candidates .
the students support the secretaries .
support the students the commissioners .
the children support the students .
support the teachers the students .
the president the students represent .
represent the students the man .
the students the woman represent .
the minister represent the students .
represent the students the candidate .
the secretary represent the students .
the students represent the commissioner .
represent the child the students .
the teacher represent the students .
the students represent the presidents .
the men represent the students .
represent the women the students .
the ministers the students represent .
the students the candidates represent .
the secretaries represent the students .
represent the commissioners the students .
represent the children the students .
represent the teachers the students .
the students defend the president .
defend the students the man .
defend the woman the students .
the minister defend the students .
the students the candidate defend .
defend the students the secretary .
defend the commissioner the students .
the students the child defend .
the teacher the students defend .
the presidents the students defend .
the students defend the men .
the students defend the women .
the students defend the ministers .
the students the candidates defend .
the secretaries the students defend .
defend the commissioners the students .
the students the children defend .
the teachers the students defend .
the president welcome the students .
welcome the man the students .
welcome the woman the students .
the students welcome the minister .
the students the candidate welcome .
the students the secretary welcome .
welcome the students the commissioner .
welcome the students the child .
the teacher welcome the students .
the students welcome the presidents .
the men the students welcome .
welcome the students the women .
the ministers welcome the students .
the students welcome the candidates .
the secretaries the students welcome .
the students the commissioners welcome .
the students welcome the children .
welcome the teachers the students .
invite the students the president .
the students the man invite .
the woman the students invite .
invite the students the minister .
the students the candidate invite .
the secretary the students invite .
the commissioner the students invite .
the child the students invite .
the students invite the teacher .
the presidents the students invite .
the men the students invite .
the women invite the students .
the ministers the students invite .
the candidates the students invite .
invite the secretaries the students .
the students the commissioners invite .
the students the children invite .
the students invite the teachers .
the students the president attack .
attack the man the students .
attack the woman the students .
attack the minister the students .
attack the students the candidate .
the secretary the students attack .
the students attack the commissioner .
the students attack the child .
attack the students the teacher .
the presidents attack the students .
the students the men attack .
attack the students the women .
the ministers the students attack .
the candidates the students attack .
the secretaries the students attack .
the students attack the commissioners .
the students attack the children .
the teachers the students attack .
respect the students the president .
the students the man respect .
the students respect the woman .
the students respect the minister .
respect the candidate the students .
respect the secretary the students .
the commissioner the students respect .
the child respect the students .
the students respect the teacher .
the presidents the students respect .
the men the students respect .
the students respect the women .
the ministers respect the students .
respect the candidates the students .
the students respect the secretaries .
the commissioners the students respect .
the children the students respect .
respect the students the teachers .
the president replace the students .
the students replace the man .
the woman replace the students .
the minister replace the students .
the students replace the candidate .
replace the students the secretary .
replace the students the commissioner .
replace the students the child .
the teacher replace the students .
replace the students the presidents .
the men replace the students .
replace the students the women .
the ministers replace the students .
the students replace the candidates .
the secretaries the students replace .
replace the commissioners the students .
replace the children the students .
the students replace the teachers .
the students the president exploit .
exploit the students the man .
the woman the students exploit .
the minister exploit the students .
exploit the candidate the students .
the secretary exploit the students .
the students exploit the commissioner .
exploit the child the students .
exploit the teacher the students .
exploit the students the presidents .
exploit the students the men .
exploit the women the students .
exploit the students the ministers .
the students the candidates exploit .
exploit the secretaries the students .
exploit the students the commissioners .
exploit the students the children .
exploit the students the teachers .
the man the president do not thank .
do not thank the woman the president .
the minister do not thank the president .
the president do not thank the candidate .
the secretary do not thank the president .
do not thank the president the commissioner .
the child do not thank the president .
do not thank the teacher the president .
do not thank the student the president .
the men the president do not thank .
the president the women do not thank .
the ministers the president do not thank .
the president the candidates do not thank .
do not thank the president the secretaries .
the commissioners the president do not thank .
the president the children do not thank .
do not thank the teachers the president .
do not thank the president the students .
the president the man do not support .
the woman the president do not support .
the president the minister do not support .
do not support the candidate the president .
the president the secretary do not support .
the commissioner the president do not support .
the child the president do not support .
the president do not support the teacher .
the president the student do not support .
the president do not support the men .
do not support the women the president .
the president the ministers do not support .
the president do not support the candidates .
the president do not support the secretaries .
do not support the commissioners the president .
the children do not support the president .
do not support the teachers the president .
do not support the president the students .
do not represent the man the president .
the president do not represent the woman .
the minister do not represent the president .
the candidate the president do not represent .
the president the secretary do not represent .
do not represent the commissioner the president .
the child do not represent the president .
the president do not represent the teacher .
the president the student do not represent .
do not represent the president the men .
the president the women do not represent .
the ministers the president do not represent .
do not represent the president the candidates .
the president the secretaries do not represent .
the commissioners the president do not represent .
do not represent the president the children .
do not represent the teachers the president .
do not represent the students the president .
do not defend the man the president .
the president the woman do not defend .
the president do not defend the minister .
the candidate do not defend the president .
do not defend the secretary the president .
the president do not defend the commissioner .
do not defend the child the president .
the teacher do not defend the president .
the student the president do not defend .
do not defend the men the president .
do not defend the president the women .
the president the ministers do not defend .
do not defend the candidates the president .
do not defend the president the secretaries .
the commissioners the president do not defend .
do not defend the president the children .
the president do not defend the teachers .
do not defend the students the president .
do not welcome the man the president .
do not welcome the woman the president .
the minister the president do not welcome .
do not welcome the candidate the president .
the secretary do not welcome the president .
the commissioner the president do not welcome .
the president do not welcome the child .
do not welcome the president the teacher .
the president do not welcome the student .
the president do not welcome the men .
do not welcome the president the women .
the president do not welcome the ministers .
the president do not welcome the candidates .
do not welcome the president the secretaries .
the president do not welcome the commissioners .
the children do not welcome the president .
the president the teachers do not welcome .
the president the students do not welcome .
the man the president do not invite .
do not invite the woman the president .
do not invite the president the minister .
the president the candidate do not invite .
the president do not invite the secretary .
do not invite the president the commissioner .
do not invite the president the child .
the teacher do not invite the president .
do not invite the president the student .
do not invite the president the men .
do not invite the president the women .
the ministers do not invite the president .
the candidates do not invite the president .
the president do not invite the secretaries .
the president the commissioners do not invite .
the president the children do not invite .
the president the teachers do not invite .
do not invite the students the president .
the man do not attack the president .
the president do not attack the woman .
the minister do not attack the president .
do not attack the candidate the president .
the president the secretary do not attack .
do not attack the president the commissioner .
the president do not attack the child .
do not attack the president the teacher .
the student do not attack the president .
the men do not attack the president .
do not attack the women the president .
the ministers do not attack the president .
do not attack the candidates the president .
do not attack the secretaries the president .
the commissioners the president do not attack .
the children do not attack the president .
the president the teachers do not attack .
do not attack the students the president .
do not respect the president the man .
do not respect the woman the president .
the minister do not respect the president .
the president the candidate do not respect .
do not respect the president the secretary .
the commissioner the president do not respect .
do not respect the president the child .
do not respect the president the teacher .
do not respect the president the student .
do not respect the men the president .
the women the president do not respect .
do not respect the ministers the president .
the candidates do not respect the president .
the president do not respect the secretaries .
the president do not respect the commissioners .
the children the president do not respect .
do not respect the teachers the president .
do not respect the president the students .
the man the president do not replace .
the woman the president do not replace .
the president do not replace the minister .
the president do not replace the candidate .
do not replace the secretary the president .
the commissioner do not replace the president .
do not replace the child the president .
the president do not replace the teacher .
the student the president do not replace .
do not replace the men the president .
do not replace the president the women .
the ministers the president do not replace .
do not replace the candidates the president .
the secretaries do not replace the president .
do not replace the president the commissioners .
the president do not replace the children .
do not replace the teachers the president .
the students the president do not replace .
the president do not exploit the man .
do not exploit the president the woman .
the minister the president do not exploit .
the president do not exploit the candidate .
the president the secretary do not exploit .
the president the commissioner do not exploit .
the president the child do not exploit .
do not exploit the president the teacher .
the student do not exploit the president .
do not exploit the men the president .
the president the women do not exploit .
the president do not exploit the ministers .
do not exploit the candidates the president .
do not exploit the president the secretaries .
the commissioners the president do not exploit .
the president the children do not exploit .
the president the teachers do not exploit .
the students the president do not exploit .
the man do not thank the president .
the man the woman do not thank .
do not thank the minister the man .
the man the candidate do not thank .
the secretary the man do not thank .
the man do not thank the commissioner .
the man the child do not thank .
the teacher do not thank the man .
the student do not thank the man .
the man the presidents do not thank .
the man do not thank the women .
do not thank the man the ministers .
the man do not thank the candidates .
the secretaries the man do not thank .
the man do not thank the commissioners .
the children the man do not thank .
the man the teachers do not thank .
the students the man do not thank .
the man do not support the president .
the man the woman do not support .
the man do not support the minister .
the man the candidate do not support .
the man the secretary do not support .
the man the commissioner do not support .
do not support the child the man .
do not support the teacher the man .
do not support the man the student .
the presidents do not support the man .
do not support the women the man .
the man do not support the ministers .
the man do not support the candidates .
the secretaries do not support the man .
the commissioners the man do not support .
do not support the children the man .
the man do not support the teachers .
the man do not support the students .
the president do not represent the man .
the man do not represent the woman .
the man do not represent the minister .
the man the candidate do not represent .
the man the secretary do not represent .
the commissioner the man do not represent .
the man do not represent the child .
the man the teacher do not represent .
the student do not represent the man .
the presidents do not represent the man .
the man the women do not represent .
the man the ministers do not represent .
do not represent the candidates the man .
do not represent the man the secretaries .
do not represent the man the commissioners .
the man do not represent the children .
the man the teachers do not represent .
the students the man do not represent .
do not defend the president the man .
the woman the man do not defend .
do not defend the minister the man .
the man the candidate do not defend .
the man do not defend the secretary .
do not defend the man the commissioner .
the man the child do not defend .
the teacher do not defend the man .
the man do not defend the student .
do not defend the man the presidents .
do not defend the man the women .
the man do not defend the ministers .
do not defend the candidates the man .
do not defend the secretaries the man .
do not defend the man the commissioners .
do not defend the children the man .
the teachers do not defend the man .
the students the man do not defend .
do not welcome the man the president .
the man the woman do not welcome .
do not welcome the minister the man .
the candidate the man do not welcome .
the secretary the man do not welcome .
do not welcome the commissioner the man .
the man the child do not welcome .
the teacher do not welcome the man .
do not welcome the man the student .
the presidents do not welcome the man .
the man do not welcome the women .
the man do not welcome the ministers .
the candidates do not welcome the man .
the man the secretaries do not welcome .
the commissioners the man do not welcome .
do not welcome the children the man .
the man do not welcome the teachers .
the students do not welcome the man .
the president the man do not invite .
the woman the man do not invite .
do not invite the minister the man .
the man the candidate do not invite .
do not invite the man the secretary .
do not invite the man the commissioner .
the man do not invite the child .
the teacher the man do not invite .
the man do not invite the student .
the man do not invite the presidents .
do not invite the women the man .
do not invite the ministers the man .
do not invite the man the candidates .
the man the secretaries do not invite .
do not invite the commissioners the man .
the man the children do not invite .
the teachers do not invite the man .
the man do not invite the students .
do not attack the man the president .
the man do not attack the woman .
do not attack the minister the man .
do not attack the man the candidate .
the man the secretary do not attack .
the man do not attack the commissioner .
the child the man do not attack .
the man do not attack the teacher .
do not attack the man the student .
the presidents the man do not attack .
the women the man do not attack .
the man the ministers do not attack .
the candidates the man do not attack .
do not attack the man the secretaries .
the man do not attack the commissioners .
the children do not attack the man .
do not attack the teachers the man .
do not attack the students the man .
the man the president do not respect .
the man do not respect the woman .
the minister the man do not respect .
the candidate do not respect the man .
the man do not respect the secretary .
the man the commissioner do not respect .
do not respect the man the child .
the teacher the man do not respect .
the man do not respect the student .
the man do not respect the presidents .
the man do not respect the women .
do not respect the man the ministers .
the candidates do not respect the man .
do not respect the man the secretaries .
the man the commissioners do not respect .
the children do not respect the man .
the teachers the man do not respect .
do not respect the students the man .
the president do not replace the man .
do not replace the man the woman .
the man do not replace the minister .
the man do not replace the candidate .
the secretary do not replace the man .
do not replace the man the commissioner .
do not replace the man the child .
the teacher the man do not replace .
the student do not replace the man .
the man the presidents do not replace .
the man the women do not replace .
the ministers the man do not replace .
the candidates the man do not replace .
the secretaries do not replace the man .
the man the commissioners do not replace .
do not replace the children the man .
the man do not replace the teachers .
the students the man do not replace .
do not exploit the president the man .
do not exploit the woman the man .
the man do not exploit the minister .
do not exploit the candidate the man .
the secretary the man do not exploit .
the commissioner do not exploit the man .
the child the man do not exploit .
the teacher the man do not exploit .
the student do not exploit the man .
do not exploit the presidents the man .
the women do not exploit the man .
the ministers do not exploit the man .
do not exploit the candidates the man .
the man the secretaries do not exploit .
do not exploit the commissioners the man .
the man do not exploit the children .
the teachers do not exploit the man .
the students the man do not exploit .
the woman the president do not thank .
the woman the man do not thank .
do not thank the minister the woman .
the candidate do not thank the woman .
do not thank the woman the secretary .
the commissioner the woman do not thank .
do not thank the child the woman .
the teacher do not thank the woman .
the woman do not thank the student .
the presidents do not thank the woman .
the woman do not thank the men .
the woman do not thank the ministers .
do not thank the candidates the woman .
the woman the secretaries do not thank .
do not thank the commissioners the woman .
the children do not thank the woman .
the teachers do not thank the woman .
the woman do not thank the students .
the president do not support the woman .
the man the woman do not support .
the woman do not support the minister .
do not support the candidate the woman .
the woman do not support the secretary .
do not support the commissioner the woman .
the child do not support the woman .
do not support the woman the teacher .
the woman the student do not support .
the presidents the woman do not support .
the men do not support the woman .
the woman the ministers do not support .
the woman do not support the candidates .
the secretaries do not support the woman .
the woman do not support the commissioners .
do not support the woman the children .
do not support the woman the teachers .
the woman do not support the students .
do not represent the woman the president .
the man the woman do not represent .
do not represent the minister the woman .
do not represent the candidate the woman .
the woman the secretary do not represent .
do not represent the commissioner the woman .
the woman do not represent the child .
the teacher the woman do not represent .
do not represent the woman the student .
the presidents do not represent the woman .
the woman do not represent the men .
the ministers the woman do not represent .
the candidates the woman do not represent .
the secretaries do not represent the woman .
the commissioners the woman do not represent .
the woman do not represent the children .
do not represent the teachers the woman .
the woman the students do not represent .
the president the woman do not defend .
do not defend the woman the man .
do not defend the woman the minister .
the candidate do not defend the woman .
the secretary do not defend the woman .
the woman do not defend the commissioner .
the child the woman do not defend .
the teacher do not defend the woman .
do not defend the student the woman .
do not defend the presidents the woman .
the men the woman do not defend .
the ministers do not defend the woman .
do not defend the woman the candidates .
do not defend the secretaries the woman .
the woman do not defend the commissioners .
the woman the children do not defend .
the woman do not defend the teachers .
the woman the students do not defend .
the president do not welcome the woman .
the woman do not welcome the man .
the minister the woman do not welcome .
the woman the candidate do not welcome .
the secretary the woman do not welcome .
the woman do not welcome the commissioner .
the child the woman do not welcome .
the woman the teacher do not welcome .
the student the woman do not welcome .
the presidents do not welcome the woman .
the men the woman do not welcome .
do not welcome the woman the ministers .
the woman the candidates do not welcome .
the secretaries do not welcome the woman .
the commissioners do not welcome the woman .
the woman do not welcome the children .
the woman do not welcome the teachers .
do not welcome the students the woman .
do not invite the president the woman .
do not invite the man the woman .
the minister the woman do not invite .
the candidate do not invite the woman .
the woman the secretary do not invite .
the woman the commissioner do not invite .
do not invite the woman the child .
the woman the teacher do not invite .
do not invite the student the woman .
the woman the presidents do not invite .
do not invite the men the woman .
the woman do not invite the ministers .
the woman the candidates do not invite .
the woman the secretaries do not invite .
do not invite the woman the commissioners .
the children do not invite the woman .
the woman the teachers do not invite .
the woman the students do not invite .
the woman do not attack the president .
do not attack the man the woman .
the woman do not attack the minister .
do not attack the woman the candidate .
the woman the secretary do not attack .
the woman do not attack the commissioner .
the child do not attack the woman .
the woman do not attack the teacher .
do not attack the woman the student .
the presidents the woman do not attack .
the woman the men do not attack .
the ministers the woman do not attack .
do not attack the candidates the woman .
the woman do not attack the secretaries .
the woman do not attack the commissioners .
do not attack the children the woman .
the teachers the woman do not attack .
the students do not attack the woman .
do not respect the woman the president .
the woman the man do not respect .
the woman the minister do not respect .
do not respect the woman the candidate .
do not respect the woman the secretary .
the woman do not respect the commissioner .
do not respect the child the woman .
the teacher do not respect the woman .
the student do not respect the woman .
the woman the presidents do not respect .
do not respect the men the woman .
do not respect the woman the ministers .
do not respect the woman the candidates .
do not respect the woman the secretaries .
the woman the commissioners do not respect .
the children the woman do not respect .
the teachers do not respect the woman .
the woman do not respect the students .
the woman do not replace the president .
the man do not replace the woman .
the minister do not replace the woman .
the woman do not replace the candidate .
do not replace the woman the secretary .
the commissioner do not replace the woman .
do not replace the child the woman .
do not replace the teacher the woman .
the woman do not replace the student .
the presidents the woman do not replace .
the men do not replace the woman .
the woman do not replace the ministers .
the candidates the woman do not replace .
the secretaries the woman do not replace .
do not replace the commissioners the woman .
the children do not replace the woman .
the woman do not replace the teachers .
the students do not replace the woman .
do not exploit the woman the president .
the woman the man do not exploit .
the woman do not exploit the minister .
do not exploit the candidate the woman .
do not exploit the woman the secretary .
the commissioner the woman do not exploit .
the child the woman do not exploit .
do not exploit the teacher the woman .
do not exploit the student the woman .
do not exploit the woman the presidents .
do not exploit the woman the men .
the woman the ministers do not exploit .
the woman the candidates do not exploit .
the woman do not exploit the secretaries .
do not exploit the woman the commissioners .
the woman the children do not exploit .
do not exploit the woman the teachers .
the woman do not exploit the students .
do not thank the minister the president .
the minister the man do not thank .
the minister do not thank the woman .
do not thank the candidate the minister .
do not thank the secretary the minister .
the minister do not thank the commissioner .
the child do not thank the minister .
the teacher do not thank the minister .
the minister do not thank the student .
the minister the presidents do not thank .
do not thank the men the minister .
the women the minister do not thank .
the minister do not thank the candidates .
do not thank the secretaries the minister .
do not thank the commissioners the minister .
do not thank the children the minister .
the minister do not thank the teachers .
the minister the students do not thank .
the minister do not support the president .
the minister the man do not support .
the minister the woman do not support .
do not support the candidate the minister .
the minister do not support the secretary .
the minister the commissioner do not support .
do not support the child the minister .
the minister do not support the teacher .
do not support the minister the student .
the minister do not support the presidents .
the men the minister do not support .
the minister the women do not support .
the candidates do not support the minister .
do not support the minister the secretaries .
the minister the commissioners do not support .
the children the minister do not support .
the teachers do not support the minister .
the minister do not support the students .
do not represent the president the minister .
the man do not represent the minister .
the woman do not represent the minister .
the minister the candidate do not represent .
the minister the secretary do not represent .
the commissioner the minister do not represent .
the minister do not represent the child .
the minister the teacher do not represent .
do not represent the student the minister .
the minister do not represent the presidents .
the men the minister do not represent .
the women do not represent the minister .
the candidates do not represent the minister .
the secretaries do not represent the minister .
the commissioners do not represent the minister .
the children do not represent the minister .
the teachers the minister do not represent .
the students do not represent the minister .
do not defend the president the minister .
the minister the man do not defend .
the woman do not defend the minister .
do not defend the minister the candidate .
the minister do not defend the secretary .
the commissioner do not defend the minister .
the child do not defend the minister .
the teacher do not defend the minister .
do not defend the minister the student .
the minister the presidents do not defend .
do not defend the men the minister .
the women do not defend the minister .
the minister do not defend the candidates .
do not defend the secretaries the minister .
the minister the commissioners do not defend .
do not defend the minister the children .
the minister do not defend the teachers .
the students the minister do not defend .
do not welcome the minister the president .
the minister do not welcome the man .
do not welcome the woman the minister .
the candidate do not welcome the minister .
the secretary do not welcome the minister .
the minister the commissioner do not welcome .
the minister the child do not welcome .
the minister do not welcome the teacher .
the minister the student do not welcome .
the presidents do not welcome the minister .
do not welcome the minister the men .
the women the minister do not welcome .
do not welcome the candidates the minister .
do not welcome the secretaries the minister .
do not welcome the minister the commissioners .
the children do not welcome the minister .
do not welcome the minister the teachers .
the minister do not welcome the students .
the president do not invite the minister .
the minister do not invite the man .
do not invite the woman the minister .
the minister the candidate do not invite .
the minister do not invite the secretary .
the commissioner the minister do not invite .
the child do not invite the minister .
the teacher the minister do not invite .
do not invite the minister the student .
do not invite the minister the presidents .
the men do not invite the minister .
the minister the women do not invite .
the candidates the minister do not invite .
the secretaries do not invite the minister .
the minister do not invite the commissioners .
do not invite the minister the children .
do not invite the teachers the minister .
the minister the students do not invite .
do not attack the president the minister .
do not attack the minister the man .
the minister do not attack the woman .
do not attack the candidate the minister .
do not attack the secretary the minister .
the commissioner do not attack the minister .
the child the minister do not attack .
do not attack the minister the teacher .
the student do not attack the minister .
the minister do not attack the presidents .
the men do not attack the minister .
the minister the women do not attack .
do not attack the candidates the minister .
the minister do not attack the secretaries .
the commissioners the minister do not attack .
the children do not attack the minister .
the minister do not attack the teachers .
the students do not attack the minister .
the minister do not respect the president .
do not respect the man the minister .
the woman do not respect the minister .
the candidate do not respect the minister .
the minister the secretary do not respect .
do not respect the minister the commissioner .
the child do not respect the minister .
the teacher do not respect the minister .
the student do not respect the minister .
the minister the presidents do not respect .
the men the minister do not respect .
do not respect the women the minister .
do not respect the minister the candidates .
the secretaries do not respect the minister .
the minister the commissioners do not respect .
the children do not respect the minister .
do not respect the minister the teachers .
the minister the students do not respect .
the minister the president do not replace .
the man the minister do not replace .
the minister do not replace the woman .
the minister do not replace the candidate .
the minister the secretary do not replace .
do not replace the minister the commissioner .
do not replace the child the minister .
the minister the teacher do not replace .
the minister do not replace the student .
the presidents the minister do not replace .
the minister the men do not replace .
do not replace the women the minister .
the minister the candidates do not replace .
the secretaries the minister do not replace .
do not replace the minister the commissioners .
do not replace the children the minister .
the teachers the minister do not replace .
do not replace the minister the students .
do not exploit the minister the president .
do not exploit the man the minister .
do not exploit the minister the woman .
the minister do not exploit the candidate .
do not exploit the secretary the minister .
the minister do not exploit the commissioner .
the minister do not exploit the child .
the teacher the minister do not exploit .
do not exploit the minister the student .
the presidents the minister do not exploit .
the men do not exploit the minister .
the minister do not exploit the women .
the candidates the minister do not exploit .
do not exploit the secretaries the minister .
the commissioners the minister do not exploit .
the minister the children do not exploit .
the teachers the minister do not exploit .
do not exploit the students the minister .
the candidate the president do not thank .
do not thank the candidate the man .
do not thank the woman the candidate .
the candidate do not thank the minister .
the candidate do not thank the secretary .
do not thank the candidate the commissioner .
do not thank the child the candidate .
the candidate do not thank the teacher .
do not thank the candidate the student .
the presidents do not thank the candidate .
do not thank the candidate the men .
the women the candidate do not thank .
the candidate do not thank the ministers .
the secretaries the candidate do not thank .
do not thank the commissioners the candidate .
the children do not thank the candidate .
the candidate the teachers do not thank .
the candidate do not thank the students .
do not support the candidate the president .
the candidate do not support the man .
do not support the woman the candidate .
the minister do not support the candidate .
do not support the candidate the secretary .
do not support the candidate the commissioner .
the candidate the child do not support .
the candidate do not support the teacher .
the student the candidate do not support .
the presidents the candidate do not support .
do not support the men the candidate .
the women the candidate do not support .
the ministers the candidate do not support .
the candidate do not support the secretaries .
do not support the commissioners the candidate .
do not support the candidate the children .
do not support the candidate the teachers .
the students do not support the candidate .
the candidate do not represent the president .
the man do not represent the candidate .
do not represent the candidate the woman .
do not represent the minister the candidate .
do not represent the secretary the candidate .
the commissioner do not represent the candidate .
the child the candidate do not represent .
do not represent the teacher the candidate .
the student the candidate do not represent .
the candidate the presidents do not represent .
the men do not represent the candidate .
do not represent the women the candidate .
the candidate do not represent the ministers .
the candidate do not represent the secretaries .
the commissioners the candidate do not represent .
the children the candidate do not represent .
the candidate do not represent the teachers .
do not represent the students the candidate .
the candidate the president do not defend .
the man do not defend the candidate .
the woman the candidate do not defend .
do not defend the minister the candidate .
the secretary do not defend the candidate .
do not defend the candidate the commissioner .
the candidate do not defend the child .
do not defend the candidate the teacher .
do not defend the student the candidate .
the candidate the presidents do not defend .
the candidate the men do not defend .
the women do not defend the candidate .
the ministers the candidate do not defend .
the candidate do not defend the secretaries .
the candidate do not defend the commissioners .
do not defend the children the candidate .
do not defend the candidate the teachers .
the candidate the students do not defend .
the president the candidate do not welcome .
the man the candidate do not welcome .
the woman do not welcome the candidate .
the candidate the minister do not welcome .
the secretary do not welcome the candidate .
the candidate the commissioner do not welcome .
do not welcome the candidate the child .
do not welcome the teacher the candidate .
the student do not welcome the candidate .
the candidate the presidents do not welcome .
do not welcome the candidate the men .
do not welcome the candidate the women .
do not welcome the candidate the ministers .
the candidate do not welcome the secretaries .
do not welcome the candidate the commissioners .
the children the candidate do not welcome .
do not welcome the teachers the candidate .
the candidate the students do not welcome .
the candidate do not invite the president .
the man do not invite the candidate .
do not invite the candidate the woman .
the minister the candidate do not invite .
the secretary do not invite the candidate .
the commissioner the candidate do not invite .
the candidate do not invite the child .
the teacher the candidate do not invite .
the candidate do not invite the student .
the candidate do not invite the presidents .
the candidate do not invite the men .
do not invite the candidate the women .
do not invite the candidate the ministers .
the secretaries the candidate do not invite .
the commissioners do not invite the candidate .
do not invite the candidate the children .
the teachers do not invite the candidate .
do not invite the students the candidate .
do not attack the president the candidate .
do not attack the candidate the man .
do not attack the woman the candidate .
do not attack the minister the candidate .
the candidate the secretary do not attack .
the commissioner the candidate do not attack .
do not attack the candidate the child .
the candidate do not attack the teacher .
the candidate do not attack the student .
do not attack the candidate the presidents .
the candidate do not attack the men .
do not attack the women the candidate .
do not attack the ministers the candidate .
the secretaries do not attack the candidate .
do not attack the commissioners the candidate .
do not attack the candidate the children .
the candidate do not attack the teachers .
the students the candidate do not attack .
do not respect the president the candidate .
the candidate the man do not respect .
do not respect the woman the candidate .
the candidate do not respect the minister .
the secretary do not respect the candidate .
the commissioner the candidate do not respect .
do not respect the child the candidate .
the teacher do not respect the candidate .
do not respect the student the candidate .
the presidents the candidate do not respect .
the candidate do not respect the men .
the women the candidate do not respect .
do not respect the ministers the candidate .
the secretaries do not respect the candidate .
do not respect the commissioners the candidate .
the candidate the children do not respect .
the candidate the teachers do not respect .
the students do not respect the candidate .
the candidate do not replace the president .
the candidate the man do not replace .
the candidate the woman do not replace .
the minister the candidate do not replace .
the secretary the candidate do not replace .
the candidate the commissioner do not replace .
the child the candidate do not replace .
do not replace the candidate the teacher .
the candidate the student do not replace .
the presidents the candidate do not replace .
the candidate the men do not replace .
the candidate do not replace the women .
the ministers do not replace the candidate .
do not replace the secretaries the candidate .
do not replace the commissioners the candidate .
do not replace the children the candidate .
the teachers do not replace the candidate .
the candidate do not replace the students .
the candidate do not exploit the president .
the man the candidate do not exploit .
the candidate do not exploit the woman .
do not exploit the minister the candidate .
do not exploit the secretary the candidate .
the commissioner the candidate do not exploit .
the candidate do not exploit the child .
the teacher do not exploit the candidate .
do not exploit the candidate the student .
the candidate do not exploit the presidents .
the men do not exploit the candidate .
do not exploit the women the candidate .
do not exploit the candidate the ministers .
the secretaries the candidate do not exploit .
the commissioners the candidate do not exploit .
the candidate the children do not exploit .
the candidate do not exploit the teachers .
the students the candidate do not exploit .
the secretary the president do not thank .
do not thank the man the secretary .
do not thank the woman the secretary .
the minister the secretary do not thank .
do not thank the secretary the candidate .
do not thank the secretary the commissioner .
do not thank the child the secretary .
the secretary do not thank the teacher .
do not thank the student the secretary .
the secretary the presidents do not thank .
do not thank the men the secretary .
do not thank the women the secretary .
the secretary do not thank the ministers .
do not thank the candidates the secretary .
the commissioners the secretary do not thank .
do not thank the secretary the children .
the teachers do not thank the secretary .
the secretary the students do not thank .
do not support the president the secretary .
the man the secretary do not support .
the secretary do not support the woman .
the minister the secretary do not support .
do not support the candidate the secretary .
the secretary the commissioner do not support .
the child do not support the secretary .
the teacher do not support the secretary .
the student the secretary do not support .
do not support the secretary the presidents .
the men do not support the secretary .
do not support the secretary the women .
do not support the ministers the secretary .
do not support the secretary the candidates .
the commissioners do not support the secretary .
do not support the secretary the children .
do not support the teachers the secretary .
the secretary the students do not support .
do not represent the secretary the president .
the man the secretary do not represent .
the woman do not represent the secretary .
do not represent the secretary the minister .
the secretary the candidate do not represent .
the commissioner the secretary do not represent .
the child the secretary do not represent .
do not represent the teacher the secretary .
the secretary do not represent the student .
do not represent the presidents the secretary .
the secretary do not represent the men .
the secretary do not represent the women .
the secretary the ministers do not represent .
the candidates do not represent the secretary .
do not represent the secretary the commissioners .
the secretary the children do not represent .
the teachers the secretary do not represent .
the secretary do not represent the students .
the president the secretary do not defend .
the man do not defend the secretary .
the secretary the woman do not defend .
the secretary do not defend the minister .
the candidate the secretary do not defend .
the secretary the commissioner do not defend .
do not defend the secretary the child .
do not defend the teacher the secretary .
the student do not defend the secretary .
do not defend the presidents the secretary .
the secretary the men do not defend .
the secretary do not defend the women .
do not defend the ministers the secretary .
the secretary do not defend the candidates .
the commissioners do not defend the secretary .
the children do not defend the secretary .
do not defend the teachers the secretary .
the students do not defend the secretary .
the president do not welcome the secretary .
do not welcome the man the secretary .
do not welcome the secretary the woman .
do not welcome the minister the secretary .
do not welcome the secretary the candidate .
do not welcome the secretary the commissioner .
the child the secretary do not welcome .
the secretary do not welcome the teacher .
the student the secretary do not welcome .
do not welcome the presidents the secretary .
do not welcome the secretary the men .
the women do not welcome the secretary .
the ministers do not welcome the secretary .
do not welcome the candidates the secretary .
the secretary the commissioners do not welcome .
the secretary do not welcome the children .
do not welcome the teachers the secretary .
the secretary the students do not welcome .
the president do not invite the secretary .
do not invite the man the secretary .
the woman do not invite the secretary .
the secretary do not invite the minister .
do not invite the secretary the candidate .
do not invite the commissioner the secretary .
do not invite the secretary the child .
the teacher the secretary do not invite .
the student do not invite the secretary .
the secretary the presidents do not invite .
the secretary the men do not invite .
do not invite the women the secretary .
do not invite the ministers the secretary .
do not invite the candidates the secretary .
the secretary do not invite the commissioners .
do not invite the secretary the children .
the teachers do not invite the secretary .
the secretary do not invite the students .
the president do not attack the secretary .
the man the secretary do not attack .
the secretary do not attack the woman .
do not attack the minister the secretary .
do not attack the candidate the secretary .
the secretary the commissioner do not attack .
the child the secretary do not attack .
the secretary the teacher do not attack .
do not attack the secretary the student .
the presidents do not attack the secretary .
do not attack the secretary the men .
do not attack the women the secretary .
do not attack the secretary the ministers .
the secretary do not attack the candidates .
the commissioners do not attack the secretary .
the secretary the children do not attack .
the secretary the teachers do not attack .
the secretary do not attack the students .
the secretary the president do not respect .
the secretary the man do not respect .
the woman the secretary do not respect .
the secretary the minister do not respect .
the secretary the candidate do not respect .
the commissioner the secretary do not respect .
the secretary the child do not respect .
the teacher do not respect the secretary .
the student the secretary do not respect .
do not respect the presidents the secretary .
the men the secretary do not respect .
the secretary do not respect the women .
do not respect the ministers the secretary .
do not respect the secretary the candidates .
the secretary the commissioners do not respect .
the secretary the children do not respect .
the secretary do not respect the teachers .
do not respect the secretary the students .
the secretary the president do not replace .
the man do not replace the secretary .
the woman do not replace the secretary .
the minister the secretary do not replace .
the secretary the candidate do not replace .
the commissioner do not replace the secretary .
the secretary the child do not replace .
the secretary the teacher do not replace .
the secretary do not replace the student .
do not replace the secretary the presidents .
do not replace the men the secretary .
the secretary do not replace the women .
the ministers do not replace the secretary .
do not replace the secretary the candidates .
do not replace the secretary the commissioners .
the children the secretary do not replace .
the secretary do not replace the teachers .
do not replace the secretary the students .
the president do not exploit the secretary .
the secretary do not exploit the man .
do not exploit the secretary the woman .
the secretary the minister do not exploit .
do not exploit the candidate the secretary .
the commissioner do not exploit the secretary .
the secretary do not exploit the child .
do not exploit the secretary the teacher .
the secretary do not exploit the student .
the secretary do not exploit the presidents .
the secretary the men do not exploit .
the secretary do not exploit the women .
the secretary do not exploit the ministers .
the candidates do not exploit the secretary .
the commissioners do not exploit the secretary .
the secretary do not exploit the children .
the teachers the secretary do not exploit .
do not exploit the secretary the students .
the president do not thank the commissioner .
do not thank the man the commissioner .
the commissioner do not thank the woman .
the commissioner the minister do not thank .
do not thank the commissioner the candidate .
the commissioner do not thank the secretary .
the child the commissioner do not thank .
the commissioner the teacher do not thank .
the commissioner the student do not thank .
do not thank the presidents the commissioner .
the commissioner do not thank the men .
the commissioner the women do not thank .
the ministers the commissioner do not thank .
the candidates the commissioner do not thank .
the secretaries the commissioner do not thank .
the children the commissioner do not thank .
the teachers do not thank the commissioner .
do not thank the students the commissioner .
do not support the president the commissioner .
the commissioner the man do not support .
the woman do not support the commissioner .
the minister the commissioner do not support .
the commissioner do not support the candidate .
the secretary the commissioner do not support .
the commissioner the child do not support .
the commissioner do not support the teacher .
do not support the student the commissioner .
the commissioner the presidents do not support .
the men the commissioner do not support .
do not support the women the commissioner .
the ministers the commissioner do not support .
do not support the commissioner the candidates .
the commissioner do not support the secretaries .
do not support the children the commissioner .
the commissioner do not support the teachers .
the students the commissioner do not support .
the president the commissioner do not represent .
do not represent the commissioner the man .
the woman the commissioner do not represent .
the commissioner the minister do not represent .
do not represent the commissioner the candidate .
do not represent the secretary the commissioner .
do not represent the child the commissioner .
do not represent the teacher the commissioner .
the student do not represent the commissioner .
the commissioner do not represent the presidents .
the commissioner the men do not represent .
the commissioner do not represent the women .
the ministers the commissioner do not represent .
the candidates the commissioner do not represent .
the commissioner the secretaries do not represent .
the children do not represent the commissioner .
the teachers do not represent the commissioner .
do not represent the commissioner the students .
the commissioner the president do not defend .
the commissioner the man do not defend .
do not defend the commissioner the woman .
do not defend the minister the commissioner .
do not defend the candidate the commissioner .
the secretary the commissioner do not defend .
the child do not defend the commissioner .
the teacher do not defend the commissioner .
the commissioner the student do not defend .
the presidents the commissioner do not defend .
the men do not defend the commissioner .
do not defend the women the commissioner .
do not defend the ministers the commissioner .
do not defend the commissioner the candidates .
do not defend the secretaries the commissioner .
the commissioner do not defend the children .
do not defend the commissioner the teachers .
the students do not defend the commissioner .
the commissioner the president do not welcome .
the commissioner do not welcome the man .
the woman do not welcome the commissioner .
the commissioner do not welcome the minister .
do not welcome the commissioner the candidate .
the secretary do not welcome the commissioner .
do not welcome the child the commissioner .
the teacher the commissioner do not welcome .
the commissioner the student do not welcome .
do not welcome the presidents the commissioner .
do not welcome the men the commissioner .
do not welcome the women the commissioner .
the ministers the commissioner do not welcome .
do not welcome the commissioner the candidates .
do not welcome the secretaries the commissioner .
the commissioner do not welcome the children .
the teachers the commissioner do not welcome .
the students do not welcome the commissioner .
do not invite the president the commissioner .
the man the commissioner do not invite .
do not invite the commissioner the woman .
the commissioner the minister do not invite .
do not invite the candidate the commissioner .
do not invite the commissioner the secretary .
the commissioner do not invite the child .
do not invite the teacher the commissioner .
the student the commissioner do not invite .
the commissioner the presidents do not invite .
the commissioner do not invite the men .
the commissioner the women do not invite .
the commissioner do not invite the ministers .
do not invite the commissioner the candidates .
do not invite the secretaries the commissioner .
the children do not invite the commissioner .
the commissioner the teachers do not invite .
the students the commissioner do not invite .
the president do not attack the commissioner .
the commissioner do not attack the man .
the commissioner the woman do not attack .
the minister do not attack the commissioner .
do not attack the commissioner the candidate .
the secretary do not attack the commissioner .
do not attack the child the commissioner .
do not attack the teacher the commissioner .
do not attack the commissioner the student .
do not attack the presidents the commissioner .
do not attack the commissioner the men .
the commissioner do not attack the women .
the commissioner the ministers do not attack .
do not attack the candidates the commissioner .
the commissioner the secretaries do not attack .
do not attack the children the commissioner .
the commissioner do not attack the teachers .
do not attack the commissioner the students .
the president do not respect the commissioner .
the commissioner do not respect the man .
do not respect the woman the commissioner .
the commissioner do not respect the minister .
do not respect the commissioner the candidate .
the commissioner do not respect the secretary .
do not respect the child the commissioner .
the teacher the commissioner do not respect .
do not respect the student the commissioner .
the commissioner the presidents do not respect .
do not respect the men the commissioner .
do not respect the women the commissioner .
do not respect the commissioner the ministers .
the commissioner do not respect the candidates .
the commissioner do not respect the secretaries .
the children do not respect the commissioner .
the teachers the commissioner do not respect .
the students do not respect the commissioner .
the commissioner do not replace the president .
the man do not replace the commissioner .
do not replace the commissioner the woman .
do not replace the commissioner the minister .
do not replace the candidate the commissioner .
do not replace the secretary the commissioner .
do not replace the child the commissioner .
the commissioner the teacher do not replace .
the student do not replace the commissioner .
the presidents do not replace the commissioner .
do not replace the men the commissioner .
the women do not replace the commissioner .
do not replace the ministers the commissioner .
the commissioner the candidates do not replace .
do not replace the secretaries the commissioner .
the commissioner do not replace the children .
do not replace the teachers the commissioner .
the students do not replace the commissioner .
the commissioner the president do not exploit .
do not exploit the man the commissioner .
the commissioner do not exploit the woman .
the minister the commissioner do not exploit .
the candidate do not exploit the commissioner .
do not exploit the commissioner the secretary .
the child the commissioner do not exploit .
the commissioner do not exploit the teacher .
the student the commissioner do not exploit .
do not exploit the commissioner the presidents .
do not exploit the men the commissioner .
do not exploit the commissioner the women .
the ministers the commissioner do not exploit .
the candidates the commissioner do not exploit .
the secretaries the commissioner do not exploit .
the children do not exploit the commissioner .
do not exploit the commissioner the teachers .
the students the commissioner do not exploit .
the president the child do not thank .
the man do not thank the child .
do not thank the child the woman .
the child do not thank the minister .
the candidate the child do not thank .
the child the secretary do not thank .
the commissioner the child do not thank .
the teacher the child do not thank .
the child the student do not thank .
the child do not thank the presidents .
the child do not thank the men .
the child do not thank the women .
the child do not thank the ministers .
do not thank the child the candidates .
the child the secretaries do not thank .
the child do not thank the commissioners .
the child the teachers do not thank .
the child do not thank the students .
do not support the child the president .
the man the child do not support .
the woman do not support the child .
the minister the child do not support .
the candidate the child do not support .
do not support the child the secretary .
do not support the child the commissioner .
the teacher do not support the child .
the student do not support the child .
do not support the child the presidents .
the men the child do not support .
the child the women do not support .
the ministers do not support the child .
the candidates do not support the child .
the child do not support the secretaries .
the child the commissioners do not support .
the teachers the child do not support .
do not support the students the child .
the child do not represent the president .
do not represent the child the man .
the woman do not represent the child .
do not represent the minister the child .
the child do not represent the candidate .
the child do not represent the secretary .
the commissioner do not represent the child .
do not represent the child the teacher .
the child the student do not represent .
do not represent the presidents the child .
the child the men do not represent .
do not represent the women the child .
do not represent the ministers the child .
the candidates the child do not represent .
the secretaries the child do not represent .
do not represent the child the commissioners .
the child do not represent the teachers .
the child do not represent the students .
the child do not defend the president .
do not defend the man the child .
the child the woman do not defend .
the child do not defend the minister .
the candidate do not defend the child .
the secretary do not defend the child .
the child the commissioner do not defend .
the child the teacher do not defend .
do not defend the student the child .
the child the presidents do not defend .
do not defend the child the men .
the child do not defend the women .
do not defend the child the ministers .
do not defend the candidates the child .
the child do not defend the secretaries .
do not defend the child the commissioners .
the teachers the child do not defend .
the child the students do not defend .
the child the president do not welcome .
do not welcome the man the child .
the woman the child do not welcome .
the child do not welcome the minister .
do not welcome the child the candidate .
the secretary do not welcome the child .
the child the commissioner do not welcome .
the teacher the child do not welcome .
the child the student do not welcome .
do not welcome the presidents the child .
do not welcome the child the men .
do not welcome the child the women .
the ministers the child do not welcome .
the child the candidates do not welcome .
do not welcome the child the secretaries .
the commissioners do not welcome the child .
do not welcome the child the teachers .
the students do not welcome the child .
the child the president do not invite .
do not invite the man the child .
the woman the child do not invite .
the child the minister do not invite .
the candidate do not invite the child .
the secretary do not invite the child .
the child the commissioner do not invite .
do not invite the child the teacher .
the student the child do not invite .
the child do not invite the presidents .
do not invite the child the men .
the child the women do not invite .
the child the ministers do not invite .
do not invite the candidates the child .
do not invite the child the secretaries .
do not invite the commissioners the child .
the child do not invite the teachers .
the child do not invite the students .
the child the president do not attack .
the child the man do not attack .
the woman do not attack the child .
the child do not attack the minister .
do not attack the child the candidate .
do not attack the child the secretary .
the commissioner the child do not attack .
do not attack the teacher the child .
the child do not attack the student .
do not attack the child the presidents .
the child do not attack the men .
the women do not attack the child .
the ministers the child do not attack .
the child the candidates do not attack .
the secretaries the child do not attack .
the commissioners the child do not attack .
the teachers the child do not attack .
the child the students do not attack .
the president the child do not respect .
the child do not respect the man .
do not respect the woman the child .
the minister do not respect the child .
the child do not respect the candidate .
do not respect the child the secretary .
the child do not respect the commissioner .
do not respect the child the teacher .
the child the student do not respect .
the presidents do not respect the child .
do not respect the child the men .
the child the women do not respect .
the ministers the child do not respect .
the child the candidates do not respect .
the child do not respect the secretaries .
the commissioners do not respect the child .
the child do not respect the teachers .
the students do not respect the child .
do not replace the president the child .
do not replace the man the child .
the child the woman do not replace .
do not replace the minister the child .
the child do not replace the candidate .
the child the secretary do not replace .
the child the commissioner do not replace .
the child the teacher do not replace .
the student the child do not replace .
the presidents the child do not replace .
do not replace the men the child .
do not replace the child the women .
the ministers do not replace the child .
do not replace the child the candidates .
the secretaries do not replace the child .
do not replace the child the commissioners .
do not replace the child the teachers .
do not replace the child the students .
the child do not exploit the president .
do not exploit the child the man .
the child the woman do not exploit .
the child do not exploit the minister .
do not exploit the child the candidate .
the secretary the child do not exploit .
the commissioner the child do not exploit .
the child do not exploit the teacher .
do not exploit the child the student .
the presidents the child do not exploit .
do not exploit the child the men .
the women the child do not exploit .
the ministers do not exploit the child .
do not exploit the candidates the child .
the child do not exploit the secretaries .
the child do not exploit the commissioners .
the teachers do not exploit the child .
do not exploit the students the child .
the teacher the president do not thank .
do not thank the teacher the man .
the teacher the woman do not thank .
the teacher the minister do not thank .
do not thank the teacher the candidate .
the teacher the secretary do not thank .
the teacher do not thank the commissioner .
do not thank the child the teacher .
do not thank the student the teacher .
the teacher the presidents do not thank .
do not thank the teacher the men .
the women the teacher do not thank .
the teacher the ministers do not thank .
the teacher do not thank the candidates .
do not thank the teacher the secretaries .
the commissioners do not thank the teacher .
the teacher do not thank the children .
the students the teacher do not thank .
do not support the teacher the president .
do not support the teacher the man .
the woman do not support the teacher .
the minister the teacher do not support .
the teacher the candidate do not support .
the secretary the teacher do not support .
the teacher the commissioner do not support .
the child the teacher do not support .
the teacher do not support the student .
do not support the teacher the presidents .
the men do not support the teacher .
do not support the teacher the women .
the teacher the ministers do not support .
do not support the candidates the teacher .
do not support the secretaries the teacher .
the teacher do not support the commissioners .
the children the teacher do not support .
the students do not support the teacher .
do not represent the president the teacher .
the teacher do not represent the man .
the teacher do not represent the woman .
the teacher the minister do not represent .
the candidate the teacher do not represent .
the teacher the secretary do not represent .
do not represent the teacher the commissioner .
the child do not represent the teacher .
the student do not represent the teacher .
the presidents do not represent the teacher .
the men do not represent the teacher .
the teacher the women do not represent .
the teacher the ministers do not represent .
the candidates the teacher do not represent .
do not represent the secretaries the teacher .
the commissioners do not represent the teacher .
the teacher do not represent the children .
the teacher the students do not represent .
do not defend the teacher the president .
do not defend the man the teacher .
the teacher do not defend the woman .
do not defend the teacher the minister .
the teacher do not defend the candidate .
the secretary the teacher do not defend .
the teacher the commissioner do not defend .
the child the teacher do not defend .
the student do not defend the teacher .
the presidents do not defend the teacher .
the men the teacher do not defend .
do not defend the teacher the women .
the teacher the ministers do not defend .
the candidates do not defend the teacher .
do not defend the secretaries the teacher .
the teacher do not defend the commissioners .
do not defend the teacher the children .
the students do not defend the teacher .
the president do not welcome the teacher .
the man the teacher do not welcome .
the woman do not welcome the teacher .
the teacher the minister do not welcome .
do not welcome the candidate the teacher .
do not welcome the teacher the secretary .
do not welcome the commissioner the teacher .
the teacher the child do not welcome .
do not welcome the teacher the student .
the teacher do not welcome the presidents .
the men do not welcome the teacher .
the teacher do not welcome the women .
the ministers do not welcome the teacher .
the candidates the teacher do not welcome .
the teacher do not welcome the secretaries .
do not welcome the commissioners the teacher .
the children the teacher do not welcome .
the teacher do not welcome the students .
the teacher do not invite the president .
the teacher the man do not invite .
do not invite the teacher the woman .
the minister the teacher do not invite .
the candidate the teacher do not invite .
the teacher do not invite the secretary .
the teacher the commissioner do not invite .
the child do not invite the teacher .
the teacher do not invite the student .
the presidents the teacher do not invite .
the men do not invite the teacher .
do not invite the teacher the women .
do not invite the teacher the ministers .
do not invite the candidates the teacher .
the secretaries do not invite the teacher .
the commissioners do not invite the teacher .
do not invite the teacher the children .
do not invite the students the teacher .
the teacher the president do not attack .
the teacher do not attack the man .
the woman the teacher do not attack .
do not attack the teacher the minister .
the candidate the teacher do not attack .
do not attack the teacher the secretary .
do not attack the teacher the commissioner .
do not attack the child the teacher .
the teacher do not attack the student .
do not attack the teacher the presidents .
the teacher do not attack the men .
the women do not attack the teacher .
do not attack the ministers the teacher .
do not attack the candidates the teacher .
do not attack the secretaries the teacher .
the teacher do not attack the commissioners .
do not attack the teacher the children .
the students do not attack the teacher .
the teacher the president do not respect .
do not respect the man the teacher .
the teacher do not respect the woman .
do not respect the minister the teacher .
do not respect the candidate the teacher .
do not respect the teacher the secretary .
the teacher do not respect the commissioner .
the child the teacher do not respect .
the teacher the student do not respect .
the presidents the teacher do not respect .
the men the teacher do not respect .
do not respect the women the teacher .
the teacher the ministers do not respect .
the candidates do not respect the teacher .
do not respect the teacher the secretaries .
do not respect the commissioners the teacher .
the teacher do not respect the children .
the teacher do not respect the students .
the teacher the president do not replace .
the teacher do not replace the man .
the woman the teacher do not replace .
do not replace the teacher the minister .
the candidate do not replace the teacher .
do not replace the secretary the teacher .
the commissioner the teacher do not replace .
the child the teacher do not replace .
the teacher the student do not replace .
do not replace the presidents the teacher .
do not replace the teacher the men .
do not replace the teacher the women .
do not replace the ministers the teacher .
the candidates do not replace the teacher .
do not replace the teacher the secretaries .
the teacher do not replace the commissioners .
the children the teacher do not replace .
the teacher do not replace the students .
the teacher do not exploit the president .
do not exploit the teacher the man .
the woman the teacher do not exploit .
the teacher the minister do not exploit .
do not exploit the candidate the teacher .
do not exploit the secretary the teacher .
the teacher do not exploit the commissioner .
the child the teacher do not exploit .
the student do not exploit the teacher .
the teacher the presidents do not exploit .
the men the teacher do not exploit .
do not exploit the teacher the women .
the ministers do not exploit the teacher .
the candidates the teacher do not exploit .
the secretaries do not exploit the teacher .
the teacher do not exploit the commissioners .
the teacher do not exploit the children .
do not exploit the students the teacher .
do not thank the president the student .
the student do not thank the man .
do not thank the woman the student .
the minister do not thank the student .
do not thank the candidate the student .
the secretary do not thank the student .
the student do not thank the commissioner .
the child the student do not thank .
the teacher the student do not thank .
do not thank the student the presidents .
the men the student do not thank .
the women the student do not thank .
do not thank the ministers the student .
the candidates the student do not thank .
the student the secretaries do not thank .
do not thank the student the commissioners .
the children do not thank the student .
the student the teachers do not thank .
the student do not support the president .
do not support the student the man .
the student do not support the woman .
the student the minister do not support .
the student the candidate do not support .
the secretary the student do not support .
the student do not support the commissioner .
do not support the child the student .
the teacher the student do not support .
do not support the student the presidents .
the student do not support the men .
the student the women do not support .
the student the ministers do not support .
do not support the student the candidates .
the secretaries the student do not support .
do not support the student the commissioners .
do not support the student the children .
do not support the teachers the student .
the president do not represent the student .
the man the student do not represent .
the woman do not represent the student .
the minister the student do not represent .
the student the candidate do not represent .
do not represent the student the secretary .
the student do not represent the commissioner .
do not represent the child the student .
the teacher the student do not represent .
the presidents do not represent the student .
the student the men do not represent .
the student do not represent the women .
do not represent the student the ministers .
do not represent the candidates the student .
the student the secretaries do not represent .
the student do not represent the commissioners .
the children the student do not represent .
the teachers the student do not represent .
do not defend the president the student .
the man do not defend the student .
the student the woman do not defend .
the student do not defend the minister .
do not defend the student the candidate .
the student the secretary do not defend .
the commissioner do not defend the student .
do not defend the student the child .
the teacher the student do not defend .
the student do not defend the presidents .
do not defend the student the men .
the student the women do not defend .
do not defend the ministers the student .
the student the candidates do not defend .
the student do not defend the secretaries .
the student do not defend the commissioners .
do not defend the student the children .
do not defend the student the teachers .
do not welcome the president the student .
the man the student do not welcome .
the woman do not welcome the student .
the student do not welcome the minister .
the candidate the student do not welcome .
the student do not welcome the secretary .
do not welcome the student the commissioner .
do not welcome the student the child .
the student the teacher do not welcome .
the presidents do not welcome the student .
the men the student do not welcome .
the women do not welcome the student .
do not welcome the ministers the student .
the student the candidates do not welcome .
the secretaries do not welcome the student .
do not welcome the commissioners the student .
the children the student do not welcome .
do not welcome the teachers the student .
do not invite the president the student .
do not invite the man the student .
do not invite the student the woman .
the student the minister do not invite .
the student do not invite the candidate .
do not invite the secretary the student .
the student do not invite the commissioner .
the student do not invite the child .
the teacher do not invite the student .
do not invite the student the presidents .
the student do not invite the men .
the student the women do not invite .
the ministers do not invite the student .
the student the candidates do not invite .
the student do not invite the secretaries .
the student the commissioners do not invite .
the student do not invite the children .
do not invite the teachers the student .
the student do not attack the president .
do not attack the student the man .
do not attack the woman the student .
the minister do not attack the student .
the candidate do not attack the student .
do not attack the secretary the student .
the commissioner the student do not attack .
do not attack the child the student .
the teacher the student do not attack .
do not attack the presidents the student .
do not attack the men the student .
the student do not attack the women .
the ministers do not attack the student .
do not attack the candidates the student .
the secretaries do not attack the student .
do not attack the student the commissioners .
the children the student do not attack .
the teachers do not attack the student .
do not respect the student the president .
the student the man do not respect .
the student the woman do not respect .
the minister the student do not respect .
do not respect the student the candidate .
the secretary do not respect the student .
do not respect the commissioner the student .
the child do not respect the student .
do not respect the student the teacher .
do not respect the student the presidents .
the student the men do not respect .
the women do not respect the student .
the ministers do not respect the student .
do not respect the candidates the student .
the student do not respect the secretaries .
the commissioners do not respect the student .
the student do not respect the children .
the teachers the student do not respect .
the student the president do not replace .
the man the student do not replace .
the student do not replace the woman .
do not replace the minister the student .
the student the candidate do not replace .
the student the secretary do not replace .
do not replace the student the commissioner .
do not replace the student the child .
the teacher the student do not replace .
the student do not replace the presidents .
the student do not replace the men .
do not replace the student the women .
the ministers the student do not replace .
the candidates the student do not replace .
the student do not replace the secretaries .
the commissioners the student do not replace .
the children do not replace the student .
the student do not replace the teachers .
the student the president do not exploit .
the man do not exploit the student .
the student the woman do not exploit .
the minister the student do not exploit .
the candidate the student do not exploit .
do not exploit the secretary the student .
the commissioner the student do not exploit .
the student do not exploit the child .
the student the teacher do not exploit .
the student the presidents do not exploit .
the student do not exploit the men .
the student the women do not exploit .
the student the ministers do not exploit .
the candidates the student do not exploit .
do not exploit the secretaries the student .
the commissioners do not exploit the student .
the children do not exploit the student .
the teachers the student do not exploit .
the presidents do not thank the man .
do not thank the woman the presidents .
do not thank the minister the presidents .
do not thank the candidate the presidents .
do not thank the presidents the secretary .
do not thank the presidents the commissioner .
the presidents do not thank the child .
the teacher the presidents do not thank .
do not thank the presidents the student .
the presidents the men do not thank .
the women do not thank the presidents .
the presidents the ministers do not thank .
do not thank the presidents the candidates .
do not thank the secretaries the presidents .
the commissioners do not thank the presidents .
do not thank the children the presidents .
do not thank the teachers the presidents .
the presidents the students do not thank .
do not support the man the presidents .
the presidents the woman do not support .
the minister do not support the presidents .
the candidate do not support the presidents .
do not support the secretary the presidents .
do not support the commissioner the presidents .
the presidents do not support the child .
the teacher do not support the presidents .
the presidents do not support the student .
the presidents the men do not support .
the women the presidents do not support .
the presidents do not support the ministers .
the presidents do not support the candidates .
the secretaries the presidents do not support .
the commissioners do not support the presidents .
the presidents the children do not support .
the presidents do not support the teachers .
the students do not support the presidents .
do not represent the man the presidents .
the presidents the woman do not represent .
the minister the presidents do not represent .
the candidate the presidents do not represent .
the secretary the presidents do not represent .
the presidents do not represent the commissioner .
the child do not represent the presidents .
the teacher do not represent the presidents .
the student the presidents do not represent .
do not represent the men the presidents .
do not represent the presidents the women .
the ministers the presidents do not represent .
do not represent the presidents the candidates .
the secretaries do not represent the presidents .
the presidents do not represent the commissioners .
do not represent the children the presidents .
the teachers do not represent the presidents .
the presidents do not represent the students .
the man do not defend the presidents .
the presidents the woman do not defend .
do not defend the minister the presidents .
the presidents the candidate do not defend .
do not defend the presidents the secretary .
the commissioner do not defend the presidents .
the presidents do not defend the child .
the teacher do not defend the presidents .
do not defend the presidents the student .
the men the presidents do not defend .
the women the presidents do not defend .
the presidents the ministers do not defend .
do not defend the presidents the candidates .
do not defend the presidents the secretaries .
the commissioners do not defend the presidents .
do not defend the presidents the children .
the teachers the presidents do not defend .
the students do not defend the presidents .
the presidents do not welcome the man .
the presidents do not welcome the woman .
the minister the presidents do not welcome .
the candidate do not welcome the presidents .
the presidents the secretary do not welcome .
the commissioner the presidents do not welcome .
do not welcome the child the presidents .
the presidents do not welcome the teacher .
the student do not welcome the presidents .
do not welcome the presidents the men .
the women the presidents do not welcome .
the ministers the presidents do not welcome .
do not welcome the presidents the candidates .
the secretaries do not welcome the presidents .
the presidents do not welcome the commissioners .
the presidents the children do not welcome .
the presidents do not welcome the teachers .
do not welcome the presidents the students .
the man do not invite the presidents .
the presidents the woman do not invite .
do not invite the minister the presidents .
the candidate the presidents do not invite .
the secretary do not invite the presidents .
do not invite the commissioner the presidents .
do not invite the child the presidents .
the presidents do not invite the teacher .
the student the presidents do not invite .
the presidents do not invite the men .
the presidents the women do not invite .
the presidents the ministers do not invite .
the candidates do not invite the presidents .
do not invite the presidents the secretaries .
the commissioners do not invite the presidents .
the presidents the children do not invite .
the presidents do not invite the teachers .
the students the presidents do not invite .
do not attack the man the presidents .
the presidents do not attack the woman .
do not attack the minister the presidents .
do not attack the presidents the candidate .
the presidents do not attack the secretary .
do not attack the presidents the commissioner .
do not attack the child the presidents .
the teacher the presidents do not attack .
the student do not attack the presidents .
do not attack the presidents the men .
do not attack the presidents the women .
the ministers do not attack the presidents .
do not attack the candidates the presidents .
the secretaries the presidents do not attack .
the commissioners the presidents do not attack .
the presidents do not attack the children .
do not attack the teachers the presidents .
the students the presidents do not attack .
the presidents do not respect the man .
the presidents the woman do not respect .
the minister the presidents do not respect .
do not respect the presidents the candidate .
do not respect the presidents the secretary .
do not respect the commissioner the presidents .
the presidents the child do not respect .
do not respect the presidents the teacher .
do not respect the student the presidents .
the presidents do not respect the men .
do not respect the presidents the women .
the ministers the presidents do not respect .
the candidates the presidents do not respect .
the presidents the secretaries do not respect .
do not respect the presidents the commissioners .
do not respect the presidents the children .
the teachers the presidents do not respect .
the presidents the students do not respect .
the man do not replace the presidents .
the woman do not replace the presidents .
the minister the presidents do not replace .
do not replace the presidents the candidate .
the secretary the presidents do not replace .
the commissioner the presidents do not replace .
the child do not replace the presidents .
the teacher do not replace the presidents .
the presidents do not replace the student .
the men do not replace the presidents .
the women do not replace the presidents .
do not replace the presidents the ministers .
do not replace the candidates the presidents .
do not replace the presidents the secretaries .
do not replace the commissioners the presidents .
the children the presidents do not replace .
do not replace the presidents the teachers .
the presidents the students do not replace .
the presidents the man do not exploit .
do not exploit the presidents the woman .
do not exploit the minister the presidents .
the candidate do not exploit the presidents .
the presidents the secretary do not exploit .
do not exploit the presidents the commissioner .
the child do not exploit the presidents .
do not exploit the teacher the presidents .
the student do not exploit the presidents .
do not exploit the men the presidents .
do not exploit the presidents the women .
the presidents the ministers do not exploit .
the presidents do not exploit the candidates .
the secretaries do not exploit the presidents .
the presidents do not exploit the commissioners .
the children the presidents do not exploit .
the presidents do not exploit the teachers .
the presidents do not exploit the students .
the men do not thank the president .
do not thank the men the woman .
the minister do not thank the men .
do not thank the candidate the men .
the men do not thank the secretary .
the commissioner the men do not thank .
the men the child do not thank .
do not thank the teacher the men .
do not thank the men the student .
the men the presidents do not thank .
the men do not thank the women .
do not thank the ministers the men .
do not thank the men the candidates .
the secretaries the men do not thank .
the commissioners do not thank the men .
the men the children do not thank .
the teachers do not thank the men .
do not thank the men the students .
do not support the president the men .
the woman do not support the men .
the men the minister do not support .
the men do not support the candidate .
the secretary do not support the men .
the men do not support the commissioner .
the men the child do not support .
the men do not support the teacher .
the men do not support the student .
the men the presidents do not support .
do not support the men the women .
the ministers do not support the men .
the men the candidates do not support .
the secretaries do not support the men .
the men do not support the commissioners .
do not support the children the men .
the men the teachers do not support .
the men the students do not support .
do not represent the president the men .
do not represent the men the woman .
the minister the men do not represent .
do not represent the men the candidate .
do not represent the secretary the men .
the commissioner do not represent the men .
the men the child do not represent .
the teacher the men do not represent .
the men the student do not represent .
do not represent the presidents the men .
the women do not represent the men .
the men the ministers do not represent .
the men do not represent the candidates .
the men the secretaries do not represent .
the commissioners the men do not represent .
the children do not represent the men .
the teachers the men do not represent .
the students do not represent the men .
the president the men do not defend .
do not defend the men the woman .
the men do not defend the minister .
the men the candidate do not defend .
the secretary do not defend the men .
the men do not defend the commissioner .
do not defend the child the men .
the men do not defend the teacher .
do not defend the student the men .
the presidents do not defend the men .
the men do not defend the women .
the men do not defend the ministers .
do not defend the men the candidates .
the men do not defend the secretaries .
do not defend the commissioners the men .
the men the children do not defend .
do not defend the men the teachers .
the men do not defend the students .
the men do not welcome the president .
the men do not welcome the woman .
the men do not welcome the minister .
the candidate the men do not welcome .
the men do not welcome the secretary .
the men do not welcome the commissioner .
do not welcome the child the men .
the teacher the men do not welcome .
the student do not welcome the men .
the men do not welcome the presidents .
the men do not welcome the women .
the men the ministers do not welcome .
do not welcome the men the candidates .
the men do not welcome the secretaries .
the commissioners the men do not welcome .
do not welcome the men the children .
the teachers the men do not welcome .
do not welcome the men the students .
do not invite the men the president .
do not invite the woman the men .
do not invite the minister the men .
the men the candidate do not invite .
the secretary the men do not invite .
the commissioner do not invite the men .
the child do not invite the men .
the teacher do not invite the men .
do not invite the men the student .
the presidents do not invite the men .
do not invite the men the women .
the ministers the men do not invite .
the men the candidates do not invite .
the secretaries the men do not invite .
do not invite the commissioners the men .
do not invite the children the men .
do not invite the teachers the men .
the men do not invite the students .
do not attack the men the president .
do not attack the woman the men .
do not attack the minister the men .
the candidate the men do not attack .
the secretary do not attack the men .
the men the commissioner do not attack .
the men do not attack the child .
the teacher the men do not attack .
the student the men do not attack .
the presidents do not attack the men .
the men the women do not attack .
the men do not attack the ministers .
the candidates the men do not attack .
the men do not attack the secretaries .
do not attack the commissioners the men .
do not attack the children the men .
the men the teachers do not attack .
do not attack the students the men .
the president the men do not respect .
the woman the men do not respect .
do not respect the minister the men .
the men the candidate do not respect .
the secretary the men do not respect .
the men do not respect the commissioner .
the men the child do not respect .
the teacher do not respect the men .
the men do not respect the student .
the men the presidents do not respect .
the women do not respect the men .
do not respect the men the ministers .
do not respect the men the candidates .
the men the secretaries do not respect .
the commissioners the men do not respect .
the children do not respect the men .
do not respect the men the teachers .
do not respect the men the students .
do not replace the men the president .
the woman the men do not replace .
do not replace the minister the men .
the candidate do not replace the men .
the men do not replace the secretary .
the men do not replace the commissioner .
do not replace the men the child .
do not replace the teacher the men .
the men do not replace the student .
the presidents do not replace the men .
the men do not replace the women .
do not replace the ministers the men .
do not replace the men the candidates .
the men the secretaries do not replace .
do not replace the commissioners the men .
the men the children do not replace .
the teachers do not replace the men .
the men the students do not replace .
do not exploit the president the men .
the woman do not exploit the men .
the minister the men do not exploit .
the candidate the men do not exploit .
do not exploit the men the secretary .
the men do not exploit the commissioner .
the men the child do not exploit .
the men do not exploit the teacher .
the student do not exploit the men .
do not exploit the presidents the men .
the men the women do not exploit .
do not exploit the men the ministers .
do not exploit the candidates the men .
the men do not exploit the secretaries .
do not exploit the men the commissioners .
do not exploit the men the children .
the men do not exploit the teachers .
the students the men do not exploit .
do not thank the president the women .
do not thank the women the man .
the women do not thank the minister .
the candidate do not thank the women .
the women the secretary do not thank .
do not thank the commissioner the women .
do not thank the child the women .
the women the teacher do not thank .
the student the women do not thank .
do not thank the presidents the women .
the men do not thank the women .
the women the ministers do not thank .
the candidates the women do not thank .
do not thank the secretaries the women .
do not thank the women the commissioners .
the children the women do not thank .
the women do not thank the teachers .
the women the students do not thank .
the president the women do not support .
do not support the man the women .
do not support the minister the women .
the women do not support the candidate .
the women the secretary do not support .
do not support the women the commissioner .
the women the child do not support .
the women do not support the teacher .
do not support the women the student .
do not support the presidents the women .
do not support the women the men .
the women do not support the ministers .
the candidates do not support the women .
the women the secretaries do not support .
the women the commissioners do not support .
the women do not support the children .
the teachers the women do not support .
the women the students do not support .
the women do not represent the president .
the women do not represent the man .
do not represent the women the minister .
the women do not represent the candidate .
the women do not represent the secretary .
the commissioner do not represent the women .
the child the women do not represent .
do not represent the women the teacher .
the student the women do not represent .
the presidents do not represent the women .
the men do not represent the women .
the women the ministers do not represent .
the women do not represent the candidates .
do not represent the secretaries the women .
the commissioners do not represent the women .
the children the women do not represent .
the women do not represent the teachers .
the students do not represent the women .
the president do not defend the women .
the women do not defend the man .
do not defend the minister the women .
do not defend the women the candidate .
do not defend the secretary the women .
the commissioner the women do not defend .
do not defend the women the child .
do not defend the women the teacher .
the women the student do not defend .
the women the presidents do not defend .
do not defend the men the women .
the women do not defend the ministers .
the candidates the women do not defend .
do not defend the secretaries the women .
the women do not defend the commissioners .
the children do not defend the women .
the women the teachers do not defend .
the women the students do not defend .
the president the women do not welcome .
do not welcome the man the women .
do not welcome the women the minister .
the women do not welcome the candidate .
do not welcome the secretary the women .
the women do not welcome the commissioner .
do not welcome the women the child .
the women do not welcome the teacher .
do not welcome the student the women .
do not welcome the women the presidents .
the men the women do not welcome .
the women do not welcome the ministers .
do not welcome the women the candidates .
the women the secretaries do not welcome .
the commissioners do not welcome the women .
the children do not welcome the women .
the women the teachers do not welcome .
the students the women do not welcome .
the president do not invite the women .
do not invite the man the women .
the women do not invite the minister .
do not invite the candidate the women .
do not invite the secretary the women .
do not invite the women the commissioner .
the women the child do not invite .
do not invite the women the teacher .
the women do not invite the student .
the presidents do not invite the women .
the women do not invite the men .
do not invite the ministers the women .
do not invite the women the candidates .
do not invite the women the secretaries .
the commissioners do not invite the women .
the women do not invite the children .
the teachers do not invite the women .
the women the students do not invite .
the women the president do not attack .
the women the man do not attack .
the women the minister do not attack .
the women do not attack the candidate .
do not attack the secretary the women .
do not attack the commissioner the women .
do not attack the child the women .
the women do not attack the teacher .
the student do not attack the women .
do not attack the presidents the women .
the women do not attack the men .
the women the ministers do not attack .
the women the candidates do not attack .
the secretaries do not attack the women .
do not attack the commissioners the women .
the children do not attack the women .
do not attack the teachers the women .
do not attack the students the women .
do not respect the women the president .
do not respect the women the man .
do not respect the minister the women .
the candidate the women do not respect .
do not respect the secretary the women .
the women the commissioner do not respect .
the women the child do not respect .
do not respect the teacher the women .
do not respect the student the women .
the presidents the women do not respect .
the men do not respect the women .
the ministers do not respect the women .
do not respect the women the candidates .
do not respect the women the secretaries .
the commissioners the women do not respect .
the children do not respect the women .
do not respect the teachers the women .
the students the women do not respect .
the women do not replace the president .
do not replace the man the women .
do not replace the women the minister .
the women do not replace the candidate .
the women the secretary do not replace .
do not replace the commissioner the women .
the women do not replace the child .
the women the teacher do not replace .
the women do not replace the student .
the presidents the women do not replace .
do not replace the women the men .
do not replace the women the ministers .
the women do not replace the candidates .
the women do not replace the secretaries .
the women the commissioners do not replace .
the children the women do not replace .
the women the teachers do not replace .
the women the students do not replace .
the women do not exploit the president .
the women the man do not exploit .
the women the minister do not exploit .
do not exploit the candidate the women .
the women the secretary do not exploit .
the commissioner do not exploit the women .
do not exploit the women the child .
the women do not exploit the teacher .
the student the women do not exploit .
the presidents do not exploit the women .
do not exploit the women the men .
do not exploit the women the ministers .
the candidates the women do not exploit .
do not exploit the secretaries the women .
do not exploit the women the commissioners .
do not exploit the women the children .
do not exploit the women the teachers .
do not exploit the students the women .
do not thank the president the ministers .
do not thank the ministers the man .
the woman do not thank the ministers .
the candidate do not thank the ministers .
the secretary do not thank the ministers .
do not thank the ministers the commissioner .
do not thank the child the ministers .
the teacher the ministers do not thank .
the ministers the student do not thank .
the ministers the presidents do not thank .
do not thank the ministers the men .
the ministers do not thank the women .
do not thank the candidates the ministers .
do not thank the ministers the secretaries .
the ministers do not thank the commissioners .
do not thank the children the ministers .
the ministers do not thank the teachers .
the students do not thank the ministers .
the ministers the president do not support .
the ministers do not support the man .
the ministers the woman do not support .
the candidate the ministers do not support .
the secretary the ministers do not support .
the commissioner the ministers do not support .
do not support the child the ministers .
do not support the ministers the teacher .
the student the ministers do not support .
do not support the ministers the presidents .
do not support the ministers the men .
the ministers do not support the women .
the ministers do not support the candidates .
the ministers do not support the secretaries .
the commissioners do not support the ministers .
do not support the children the ministers .
the teachers the ministers do not support .
the ministers do not support the students .
do not represent the ministers the president .
do not represent the man the ministers .
do not represent the ministers the woman .
the candidate do not represent the ministers .
do not represent the ministers the secretary .
the commissioner do not represent the ministers .
the child do not represent the ministers .
the teacher do not represent the ministers .
do not represent the student the ministers .
do not represent the presidents the ministers .
the men the ministers do not represent .
do not represent the women the ministers .
do not represent the ministers the candidates .
the ministers do not represent the secretaries .
do not represent the commissioners the ministers .
do not represent the ministers the children .
the teachers do not represent the ministers .
the ministers do not represent the students .
do not defend the president the ministers .
the man the ministers do not defend .
the ministers the woman do not defend .
the candidate the ministers do not defend .
do not defend the ministers the secretary .
do not defend the commissioner the ministers .
the ministers the child do not defend .
do not defend the ministers the teacher .
the student do not defend the ministers .
the presidents the ministers do not defend .
the ministers the men do not defend .
do not defend the women the ministers .
do not defend the candidates the ministers .
do not defend the ministers the secretaries .
the commissioners the ministers do not defend .
do not defend the ministers the children .
do not defend the teachers the ministers .
the ministers the students do not defend .
the ministers the president do not welcome .
do not welcome the ministers the man .
the ministers the woman do not welcome .
do not welcome the candidate the ministers .
do not welcome the ministers the secretary .
the commissioner the ministers do not welcome .
do not welcome the child the ministers .
the teacher do not welcome the ministers .
the student the ministers do not welcome .
do not welcome the ministers the presidents .
the men do not welcome the ministers .
the women do not welcome the ministers .
the candidates the ministers do not welcome .
the ministers the secretaries do not welcome .
do not welcome the commissioners the ministers .
the ministers do not welcome the children .
do not welcome the ministers the teachers .
do not welcome the ministers the students .
the ministers do not invite the president .
do not invite the man the ministers .
do not invite the ministers the woman .
do not invite the ministers the candidate .
do not invite the secretary the ministers .
do not invite the commissioner the ministers .
the child do not invite the ministers .
the ministers do not invite the teacher .
the ministers the student do not invite .
do not invite the presidents the ministers .
the ministers do not invite the men .
the women do not invite the ministers .
do not invite the candidates the ministers .
the ministers the secretaries do not invite .
the ministers the commissioners do not invite .
do not invite the children the ministers .
the teachers the ministers do not invite .
the students the ministers do not invite .
the ministers the president do not attack .
do not attack the man the ministers .
the woman the ministers do not attack .
the candidate the ministers do not attack .
the secretary do not attack the ministers .
the ministers do not attack the commissioner .
do not attack the child the ministers .
do not attack the teacher the ministers .
do not attack the ministers the student .
do not attack the ministers the presidents .
the men the ministers do not attack .
the women do not attack the ministers .
do not attack the candidates the ministers .
the ministers the secretaries do not attack .
the commissioners the ministers do not attack .
do not attack the ministers the children .
the teachers do not attack the ministers .
the ministers do not attack the students .
the ministers the president do not respect .
do not respect the ministers the man .
the woman the ministers do not respect .
the ministers the candidate do not respect .
do not respect the ministers the secretary .
do not respect the ministers the commissioner .
do not respect the ministers the child .
the ministers the teacher do not respect .
do not respect the student the ministers .
the presidents do not respect the ministers .
the men the ministers do not respect .
the ministers do not respect the women .
the candidates do not respect the ministers .
the ministers the secretaries do not respect .
the ministers the commissioners do not respect .
the children the ministers do not respect .
the ministers the teachers do not respect .
do not respect the ministers the students .
do not replace the president the ministers .
do not replace the man the ministers .
the woman the ministers do not replace .
the candidate do not replace the ministers .
the ministers do not replace the secretary .
do not replace the commissioner the ministers .
do not replace the ministers the child .
the teacher do not replace the ministers .
do not replace the student the ministers .
do not replace the ministers the presidents .
the ministers the men do not replace .
do not replace the ministers the women .
do not replace the ministers the candidates .
the secretaries do not replace the ministers .
the commissioners the ministers do not replace .
do not replace the children the ministers .
do not replace the ministers the teachers .
the ministers the students do not replace .
the ministers the president do not exploit .
the man do not exploit the ministers .
do not exploit the woman the ministers .
do not exploit the candidate the ministers .
the ministers the secretary do not exploit .
do not exploit the ministers the commissioner .
the child do not exploit the ministers .
the teacher do not exploit the ministers .
do not exploit the ministers the student .
do not exploit the ministers the presidents .
do not exploit the men the ministers .
do not exploit the ministers the women .
the ministers do not exploit the candidates .
the secretaries do not exploit the ministers .
the ministers do not exploit the commissioners .
the children the ministers do not exploit .
the teachers do not exploit the ministers .
do not exploit the ministers the students .
the candidates the president do not thank .
the candidates do not thank the man .
the candidates do not thank the woman .
do not thank the minister the candidates .
the candidates the secretary do not thank .
the commissioner do not thank the candidates .
the child do not thank the candidates .
do not thank the teacher the candidates .
the candidates the student do not thank .
the candidates the presidents do not thank .
the men do not thank the candidates .
do not thank the candidates the women .
the ministers the candidates do not thank .
the candidates the secretaries do not thank .
do not thank the candidates the commissioners .
the children do not thank the candidates .
the teachers the candidates do not thank .
the candidates do not thank the students .
do not support the candidates the president .
do not support the man the candidates .
do not support the woman the candidates .
the minister the candidates do not support .
the secretary do not support the candidates .
the candidates the commissioner do not support .
the candidates do not support the child .
the teacher the candidates do not support .
do not support the candidates the student .
the presidents the candidates do not support .
the candidates do not support the men .
the candidates do not support the women .
the candidates the ministers do not support .
do not support the candidates the secretaries .
the candidates do not support the commissioners .
the candidates do not support the children .
the candidates the teachers do not support .
the students do not support the candidates .
the president the candidates do not represent .
the man the candidates do not represent .
do not represent the woman the candidates .
the minister do not represent the candidates .
do not represent the secretary the candidates .
the commissioner do not represent the candidates .
do not represent the candidates the child .
the teacher the candidates do not represent .
the candidates do not represent the student .
the candidates do not represent the presidents .
the men do not represent the candidates .
the women do not represent the candidates .
the ministers do not represent the candidates .
the candidates the secretaries do not represent .
the commissioners the candidates do not represent .
the candidates do not represent the children .
do not represent the candidates the teachers .
the students the candidates do not represent .
the candidates the president do not defend .
do not defend the candidates the man .
the woman do not defend the candidates .
do not defend the candidates the minister .
the candidates the secretary do not defend .
the candidates do not defend the commissioner .
the candidates do not defend the child .
do not defend the candidates the teacher .
the candidates do not defend the student .
the candidates do not defend the presidents .
do not defend the men the candidates .
the women the candidates do not defend .
the ministers the candidates do not defend .
the secretaries the candidates do not defend .
do not defend the candidates the commissioners .
do not defend the children the candidates .
the teachers do not defend the candidates .
the students the candidates do not defend .
the president the candidates do not welcome .
the man do not welcome the candidates .
the candidates do not welcome the woman .
the minister do not welcome the candidates .
do not welcome the candidates the secretary .
the candidates the commissioner do not welcome .
the candidates the child do not welcome .
do not welcome the candidates the teacher .
the candidates the student do not welcome .
the presidents the candidates do not welcome .
do not welcome the candidates the men .
the women do not welcome the candidates .
the candidates the ministers do not welcome .
the secretaries do not welcome the candidates .
do not welcome the candidates the commissioners .
do not welcome the candidates the children .
the candidates do not welcome the teachers .
do not welcome the candidates the students .
do not invite the candidates the president .
do not invite the candidates the man .
the woman the candidates do not invite .
the candidates the minister do not invite .
do not invite the secretary the candidates .
do not invite the commissioner the candidates .
the child the candidates do not invite .
the candidates the teacher do not invite .
the student the candidates do not invite .
the presidents the candidates do not invite .
do not invite the men the candidates .
the candidates do not invite the women .
the candidates do not invite the ministers .
do not invite the secretaries the candidates .
the commissioners do not invite the candidates .
do not invite the candidates the children .
the candidates do not invite the teachers .
the students do not invite the candidates .
the candidates the president do not attack .
the candidates do not attack the man .
do not attack the candidates the woman .
do not attack the candidates the minister .
the candidates the secretary do not attack .
the commissioner the candidates do not attack .
do not attack the candidates the child .
the candidates the teacher do not attack .
do not attack the student the candidates .
do not attack the candidates the presidents .
the candidates the men do not attack .
do not attack the candidates the women .
the candidates do not attack the ministers .
the candidates do not attack the secretaries .
the commissioners the candidates do not attack .
the children do not attack the candidates .
the teachers do not attack the candidates .
the candidates the students do not attack .
the candidates the president do not respect .
the man do not respect the candidates .
do not respect the candidates the woman .
the minister do not respect the candidates .
the candidates do not respect the secretary .
the commissioner the candidates do not respect .
do not respect the child the candidates .
do not respect the teacher the candidates .
do not respect the student the candidates .
the candidates do not respect the presidents .
the men the candidates do not respect .
the women do not respect the candidates .
the candidates do not respect the ministers .
the secretaries the candidates do not respect .
the candidates do not respect the commissioners .
the candidates the children do not respect .
the candidates the teachers do not respect .
the candidates the students do not respect .
the president the candidates do not replace .
the candidates the man do not replace .
the woman the candidates do not replace .
do not replace the candidates the minister .
the candidates the secretary do not replace .
the commissioner the candidates do not replace .
the candidates the child do not replace .
the candidates do not replace the teacher .
the candidates the student do not replace .
the presidents do not replace the candidates .
the men do not replace the candidates .
the candidates do not replace the women .
the candidates do not replace the ministers .
do not replace the candidates the secretaries .
the commissioners do not replace the candidates .
the children the candidates do not replace .
the candidates the teachers do not replace .
the students the candidates do not replace .
the candidates do not exploit the president .
the candidates the man do not exploit .
the candidates do not exploit the woman .
do not exploit the minister the candidates .
the candidates the secretary do not exploit .
the candidates do not exploit the commissioner .
do not exploit the child the candidates .
the teacher the candidates do not exploit .
the candidates the student do not exploit .
the presidents the candidates do not exploit .
the candidates do not exploit the men .
do not exploit the candidates the women .
do not exploit the ministers the candidates .
the secretaries the candidates do not exploit .
the candidates the commissioners do not exploit .
the candidates do not exploit the children .
the candidates the teachers do not exploit .
do not exploit the candidates the students .
the president do not thank the secretaries .
do not thank the secretaries the man .
the secretaries the woman do not thank .
do not thank the secretaries the minister .
do not thank the secretaries the candidate .
the commissioner the secretaries do not thank .
do not thank the secretaries the child .
do not thank the teacher the secretaries .
the student the secretaries do not thank .
the secretaries the presidents do not thank .
do not thank the secretaries the men .
do not thank the secretaries the women .
do not thank the ministers the secretaries .
the secretaries the candidates do not thank .
the commissioners do not thank the secretaries .
the secretaries do not thank the children .
do not thank the secretaries the teachers .
the students do not thank the secretaries .
do not support the secretaries the president .
the secretaries do not support the man .
do not support the secretaries the woman .
the secretaries the minister do not support .
the secretaries the candidate do not support .
the commissioner do not support the secretaries .
do not support the child the secretaries .
do not support the secretaries the teacher .
the student the secretaries do not support .
do not support the presidents the secretaries .
the secretaries do not support the men .
do not support the secretaries the women .
the ministers the secretaries do not support .
do not support the secretaries the candidates .
the secretaries do not support the commissioners .
the children do not support the secretaries .
the secretaries do not support the teachers .
the secretaries do not support the students .
the president the secretaries do not represent .
do not represent the secretaries the man .
do not represent the secretaries the woman .
the secretaries do not represent the minister .
the candidate do not represent the secretaries .
the commissioner do not represent the secretaries .
the child do not represent the secretaries .
the teacher the secretaries do not represent .
the student do not represent the secretaries .
the presidents do not represent the secretaries .
the men do not represent the secretaries .
do not represent the women the secretaries .
the ministers do not represent the secretaries .
the candidates do not represent the secretaries .
the secretaries do not represent the commissioners .
the secretaries do not represent the children .
the secretaries the teachers do not represent .
do not represent the secretaries the students .
the president the secretaries do not defend .
do not defend the man the secretaries .
do not defend the woman the secretaries .
do not defend the minister the secretaries .
the candidate the secretaries do not defend .
the secretaries the commissioner do not defend .
the secretaries do not defend the child .
the secretaries the teacher do not defend .
the secretaries the student do not defend .
do not defend the presidents the secretaries .
the secretaries do not defend the men .
do not defend the women the secretaries .
the ministers the secretaries do not defend .
the candidates do not defend the secretaries .
the commissioners the secretaries do not defend .
the secretaries do not defend the children .
do not defend the secretaries the teachers .
the secretaries do not defend the students .
the president do not welcome the secretaries .
the secretaries do not welcome the man .
the woman the secretaries do not welcome .
the minister the secretaries do not welcome .
do not welcome the secretaries the candidate .
the secretaries do not welcome the commissioner .
the child do not welcome the secretaries .
the teacher do not welcome the secretaries .
the student do not welcome the secretaries .
do not welcome the secretaries the presidents .
the secretaries do not welcome the men .
the women do not welcome the secretaries .
do not welcome the ministers the secretaries .
the secretaries do not welcome the candidates .
the secretaries do not welcome the commissioners .
the secretaries the children do not welcome .
do not welcome the teachers the secretaries .
the secretaries do not welcome the students .
the president the secretaries do not invite .
do not invite the secretaries the man .
do not invite the secretaries the woman .
the secretaries the minister do not invite .
the candidate do not invite the secretaries .
the secretaries the commissioner do not invite .
do not invite the secretaries the child .
the secretaries the teacher do not invite .
the secretaries do not invite the student .
do not invite the presidents the secretaries .
do not invite the men the secretaries .
do not invite the women the secretaries .
the secretaries the ministers do not invite .
the secretaries the candidates do not invite .
the secretaries do not invite the commissioners .
do not invite the secretaries the children .
the secretaries the teachers do not invite .
do not invite the secretaries the students .
do not attack the president the secretaries .
the secretaries do not attack the man .
do not attack the secretaries the woman .
the minister do not attack the secretaries .
do not attack the secretaries the candidate .
the secretaries do not attack the commissioner .
do not attack the child the secretaries .
the secretaries the teacher do not attack .
the student the secretaries do not attack .
the presidents do not attack the secretaries .
do not attack the men the secretaries .
do not attack the secretaries the women .
do not attack the secretaries the ministers .
the secretaries the candidates do not attack .
do not attack the secretaries the commissioners .
do not attack the secretaries the children .
do not attack the teachers the secretaries .
the secretaries the students do not attack .
do not respect the secretaries the president .
the secretaries the man do not respect .
do not respect the secretaries the woman .
the secretaries the minister do not respect .
the candidate the secretaries do not respect .
do not respect the secretaries the commissioner .
the secretaries the child do not respect .
do not respect the secretaries the teacher .
the student the secretaries do not respect .
the presidents do not respect the secretaries .
the men do not respect the secretaries .
do not respect the secretaries the women .
do not respect the ministers the secretaries .
the candidates do not respect the secretaries .
the commissioners the secretaries do not respect .
the secretaries the children do not respect .
the teachers do not respect the secretaries .
the students do not respect the secretaries .
the secretaries the president do not replace .
the man do not replace the secretaries .
the woman do not replace the secretaries .
the secretaries do not replace the minister .
do not replace the candidate the secretaries .
do not replace the secretaries the commissioner .
the secretaries the child do not replace .
do not replace the teacher the secretaries .
do not replace the student the secretaries .
do not replace the presidents the secretaries .
the secretaries the men do not replace .
the secretaries the women do not replace .
the secretaries do not replace the ministers .
the secretaries the candidates do not replace .
the secretaries the commissioners do not replace .
do not replace the secretaries the children .
do not replace the secretaries the teachers .
the secretaries do not replace the students .
the president the secretaries do not exploit .
the secretaries the man do not exploit .
do not exploit the secretaries the woman .
the minister the secretaries do not exploit .
the secretaries do not exploit the candidate .
the secretaries the commissioner do not exploit .
the child the secretaries do not exploit .
do not exploit the secretaries the teacher .
do not exploit the secretaries the student .
the presidents the secretaries do not exploit .
the secretaries the men do not exploit .
do not exploit the women the secretaries .
the ministers do not exploit the secretaries .
do not exploit the secretaries the candidates .
the secretaries do not exploit the commissioners .
the children do not exploit the secretaries .
the teachers do not exploit the secretaries .
the students the secretaries do not exploit .
the commissioners do not thank the president .
the man do not thank the commissioners .
the commissioners the woman do not thank .
the minister do not thank the commissioners .
the candidate the commissioners do not thank .
do not thank the secretary the commissioners .
the commissioners the child do not thank .
do not thank the commissioners the teacher .
the student do not thank the commissioners .
do not thank the presidents the commissioners .
the men the commissioners do not thank .
do not thank the commissioners the women .
do not thank the ministers the commissioners .
do not thank the candidates the commissioners .
the commissioners the secretaries do not thank .
the children the commissioners do not thank .
the commissioners do not thank the teachers .
the students do not thank the commissioners .
do not support the commissioners the president .
the man do not support the commissioners .
the commissioners the woman do not support .
the minister do not support the commissioners .
the commissioners the candidate do not support .
do not support the secretary the commissioners .
do not support the child the commissioners .
the teacher the commissioners do not support .
the student the commissioners do not support .
do not support the commissioners the presidents .
the men the commissioners do not support .
the commissioners do not support the women .
the ministers do not support the commissioners .
the commissioners do not support the candidates .
the commissioners the secretaries do not support .
the commissioners do not support the children .
do not support the commissioners the teachers .
do not support the students the commissioners .
do not represent the commissioners the president .
the commissioners the man do not represent .
do not represent the commissioners the woman .
the minister do not represent the commissioners .
the commissioners the candidate do not represent .
do not represent the secretary the commissioners .
the commissioners the child do not represent .
the commissioners do not represent the teacher .
the student the commissioners do not represent .
the commissioners the presidents do not represent .
the men do not represent the commissioners .
the women do not represent the commissioners .
do not represent the commissioners the ministers .
do not represent the candidates the commissioners .
the secretaries the commissioners do not represent .
do not represent the children the commissioners .
the commissioners do not represent the teachers .
the students the commissioners do not represent .
the commissioners do not defend the president .
do not defend the commissioners the man .
do not defend the woman the commissioners .
do not defend the minister the commissioners .
the candidate do not defend the commissioners .
do not defend the secretary the commissioners .
the commissioners the child do not defend .
do not defend the teacher the commissioners .
the commissioners the student do not defend .
do not defend the presidents the commissioners .
the commissioners do not defend the men .
the women the commissioners do not defend .
the commissioners the ministers do not defend .
the commissioners the candidates do not defend .
the secretaries the commissioners do not defend .
do not defend the commissioners the children .
do not defend the commissioners the teachers .
do not defend the students the commissioners .
the commissioners do not welcome the president .
do not welcome the commissioners the man .
do not welcome the woman the commissioners .
do not welcome the minister the commissioners .
do not welcome the commissioners the candidate .
the commissioners the secretary do not welcome .
do not welcome the commissioners the child .
the commissioners do not welcome the teacher .
the commissioners the student do not welcome .
the presidents do not welcome the commissioners .
do not welcome the men the commissioners .
the women the commissioners do not welcome .
the ministers do not welcome the commissioners .
the commissioners do not welcome the candidates .
do not welcome the secretaries the commissioners .
the children do not welcome the commissioners .
the commissioners do not welcome the teachers .
the students do not welcome the commissioners .
do not invite the president the commissioners .
the man the commissioners do not invite .
do not invite the commissioners the woman .
the minister the commissioners do not invite .
do not invite the commissioners the candidate .
the secretary the commissioners do not invite .
the child do not invite the commissioners .
the commissioners do not invite the teacher .
the student do not invite the commissioners .
do not invite the presidents the commissioners .
do not invite the men the commissioners .
the women do not invite the commissioners .
the ministers do not invite the commissioners .
do not invite the candidates the commissioners .
the secretaries do not invite the commissioners .
do not invite the children the commissioners .
the teachers the commissioners do not invite .
the students do not invite the commissioners .
do not attack the president the commissioners .
the commissioners the man do not attack .
the woman do not attack the commissioners .
the commissioners do not attack the minister .
the candidate the commissioners do not attack .
the commissioners do not attack the secretary .
the child do not attack the commissioners .
the commissioners do not attack the teacher .
the commissioners the student do not attack .
the presidents the commissioners do not attack .
the commissioners the men do not attack .
the commissioners do not attack the women .
do not attack the ministers the commissioners .
do not attack the commissioners the candidates .
the secretaries do not attack the commissioners .
the children do not attack the commissioners .
do not attack the commissioners the teachers .
do not attack the students the commissioners .
do not respect the commissioners the president .
do not respect the man the commissioners .
do not respect the commissioners the woman .
the commissioners do not respect the minister .
do not respect the commissioners the candidate .
the commissioners the secretary do not respect .
the commissioners the child do not respect .
the teacher the commissioners do not respect .
the commissioners do not respect the student .
do not respect the commissioners the presidents .
the men do not respect the commissioners .
the women do not respect the commissioners .
the commissioners the ministers do not respect .
the candidates do not respect the commissioners .
the secretaries do not respect the commissioners .
the commissioners the children do not respect .
do not respect the commissioners the teachers .
do not respect the commissioners the students .
the president the commissioners do not replace .
the man do not replace the commissioners .
the woman do not replace the commissioners .
the minister the commissioners do not replace .
the candidate do not replace the commissioners .
the secretary do not replace the commissioners .
the commissioners do not replace the child .
the commissioners do not replace the teacher .
the commissioners the student do not replace .
the commissioners the presidents do not replace .
do not replace the men the commissioners .
do not replace the commissioners the women .
the commissioners the ministers do not replace .
do not replace the commissioners the candidates .
the commissioners the secretaries do not replace .
do not replace the commissioners the children .
the commissioners do not replace the teachers .
do not replace the students the commissioners .
do not exploit the president the commissioners .
do not exploit the commissioners the man .
do not exploit the woman the commissioners .
the commissioners the minister do not exploit .
the commissioners do not exploit the candidate .
do not exploit the secretary the commissioners .
the child the commissioners do not exploit .
the teacher do not exploit the commissioners .
do not exploit the student the commissioners .
the presidents the commissioners do not exploit .
the commissioners do not exploit the men .
do not exploit the commissioners the women .
the commissioners do not exploit the ministers .
the commissioners the candidates do not exploit .
do not exploit the commissioners the secretaries .
the children the commissioners do not exploit .
the commissioners the teachers do not exploit .
the commissioners do not exploit the students .
the children do not thank the president .
the children the man do not thank .
the woman the children do not thank .
do not thank the minister the children .
do not thank the children the candidate .
the secretary the children do not thank .
do not thank the commissioner the children .
the children do not thank the teacher .
do not thank the children the student .
the presidents do not thank the children .
do not thank the children the men .
the children do not thank the women .
the children the ministers do not thank .
the candidates do not thank the children .
do not thank the children the secretaries .
do not thank the commissioners the children .
the teachers do not thank the children .
the children the students do not thank .
do not support the president the children .
the man do not support the children .
the woman the children do not support .
do not support the children the minister .
the candidate do not support the children .
the secretary the children do not support .
the commissioner the children do not support .
the children the teacher do not support .
do not support the student the children .
the presidents the children do not support .
do not support the children the men .
do not support the women the children .
the ministers the children do not support .
do not support the candidates the children .
do not support the secretaries the children .
do not support the commissioners the children .
do not support the children the teachers .
the students do not support the children .
the president do not represent the children .
the man do not represent the children .
do not represent the children the woman .
do not represent the children the minister .
the children the candidate do not represent .
the children the secretary do not represent .
the commissioner the children do not represent .
do not represent the teacher the children .
the student do not represent the children .
the children do not represent the presidents .
do not represent the men the children .
the children the women do not represent .
do not represent the children the ministers .
the children do not represent the candidates .
the children the secretaries do not represent .
the commissioners the children do not represent .
the children do not represent the teachers .
the students the children do not represent .
the president do not defend the children .
the man do not defend the children .
the children the woman do not defend .
the children the minister do not defend .
the children do not defend the candidate .
the secretary do not defend the children .
do not defend the commissioner the children .
the children do not defend the teacher .
the children the student do not defend .
do not defend the children the presidents .
do not defend the children the men .
the children the women do not defend .
the ministers do not defend the children .
the children the candidates do not defend .
the secretaries do not defend the children .
the children do not defend the commissioners .
do not defend the teachers the children .
do not defend the students the children .
the children do not welcome the president .
the children do not welcome the man .
the children do not welcome the woman .
the minister the children do not welcome .
do not welcome the candidate the children .
the secretary the children do not welcome .
the children the commissioner do not welcome .
do not welcome the children the teacher .
do not welcome the student the children .
the presidents the children do not welcome .
the children do not welcome the men .
do not welcome the women the children .
the ministers do not welcome the children .
the candidates the children do not welcome .
the secretaries do not welcome the children .
the children do not welcome the commissioners .
do not welcome the children the teachers .
the children do not welcome the students .
the children the president do not invite .
the children the man do not invite .
do not invite the children the woman .
do not invite the children the minister .
do not invite the children the candidate .
do not invite the secretary the children .
the children do not invite the commissioner .
the teacher do not invite the children .
the student the children do not invite .
the children do not invite the presidents .
do not invite the children the men .
do not invite the women the children .
the children the ministers do not invite .
do not invite the candidates the children .
do not invite the secretaries the children .
do not invite the children the commissioners .
the teachers the children do not invite .
the students the children do not invite .
the president do not attack the children .
the children do not attack the man .
do not attack the woman the children .
the minister the children do not attack .
do not attack the candidate the children .
do not attack the children the secretary .
the children the commissioner do not attack .
do not attack the children the teacher .
the children the student do not attack .
the children the presidents do not attack .
the children do not attack the men .
the women do not attack the children .
the children do not attack the ministers .
the candidates do not attack the children .
do not attack the secretaries the children .
do not attack the children the commissioners .
do not attack the children the teachers .
the children the students do not attack .
the children do not respect the president .
do not respect the children the man .
do not respect the woman the children .
do not respect the children the minister .
the candidate do not respect the children .
the children do not respect the secretary .
the commissioner do not respect the children .
the children do not respect the teacher .
the student do not respect the children .
the presidents do not respect the children .
the men do not respect the children .
do not respect the women the children .
the ministers do not respect the children .
the children the candidates do not respect .
the children the secretaries do not respect .
the children do not respect the commissioners .
the teachers the children do not respect .
the students do not respect the children .
do not replace the president the children .
do not replace the children the man .
do not replace the woman the children .
the children the minister do not replace .
do not replace the candidate the children .
the secretary do not replace the children .
the children do not replace the commissioner .
the children the teacher do not replace .
the student do not replace the children .
do not replace the children the presidents .
the men do not replace the children .
do not replace the children the women .
the children do not replace the ministers .
the candidates the children do not replace .
the secretaries the children do not replace .
the children do not replace the commissioners .
do not replace the teachers the children .
the children the students do not replace .
the president do not exploit the children .
do not exploit the man the children .
do not exploit the woman the children .
do not exploit the children the minister .
the children do not exploit the candidate .
the children do not exploit the secretary .
do not exploit the commissioner the children .
the teacher do not exploit the children .
do not exploit the student the children .
the presidents do not exploit the children .
do not exploit the men the children .
the women do not exploit the children .
do not exploit the children the ministers .
do not exploit the children the candidates .
the children the secretaries do not exploit .
do not exploit the commissioners the children .
the teachers the children do not exploit .
do not exploit the children the students .
the teachers do not thank the president .
the teachers do not thank the man .
the woman do not thank the teachers .
the teachers the minister do not thank .
do not thank the teachers the candidate .
the secretary the teachers do not thank .
do not thank the teachers the commissioner .
do not thank the child the teachers .
the student the teachers do not thank .
do not thank the teachers the presidents .
the men the teachers do not thank .
the women the teachers do not thank .
do not thank the ministers the teachers .
do not thank the teachers the candidates .
do not thank the teachers the secretaries .
the teachers the commissioners do not thank .
do not thank the teachers the children .
the students do not thank the teachers .
the president do not support the teachers .
do not support the teachers the man .
the woman the teachers do not support .
the minister do not support the teachers .
the teachers do not support the candidate .
the secretary do not support the teachers .
the teachers the commissioner do not support .
do not support the teachers the child .
the student the teachers do not support .
the presidents do not support the teachers .
do not support the men the teachers .
do not support the women the teachers .
do not support the teachers the ministers .
do not support the candidates the teachers .
the teachers the secretaries do not support .
the teachers do not support the commissioners .
do not support the children the teachers .
do not support the students the teachers .
the president the teachers do not represent .
the teachers do not represent the man .
do not represent the woman the teachers .
the minister the teachers do not represent .
the teachers the candidate do not represent .
the teachers the secretary do not represent .
the commissioner do not represent the teachers .
the teachers do not represent the child .
do not represent the student the teachers .
the teachers do not represent the presidents .
the men the teachers do not represent .
the women do not represent the teachers .
the teachers the ministers do not represent .
the candidates do not represent the teachers .
the teachers do not represent the secretaries .
the commissioners the teachers do not represent .
the children do not represent the teachers .
the students the teachers do not represent .
the teachers do not defend the president .
the teachers do not defend the man .
the woman the teachers do not defend .
do not defend the minister the teachers .
do not defend the teachers the candidate .
the secretary do not defend the teachers .
do not defend the commissioner the teachers .
do not defend the teachers the child .
do not defend the teachers the student .
do not defend the teachers the presidents .
the teachers the men do not defend .
do not defend the teachers the women .
the teachers do not defend the ministers .
do not defend the candidates the teachers .
do not defend the teachers the secretaries .
do not defend the commissioners the teachers .
do not defend the teachers the children .
the students the teachers do not defend .
the teachers the president do not welcome .
the man do not welcome the teachers .
the woman do not welcome the teachers .
do not welcome the minister the teachers .
the teachers do not welcome the candidate .
the teachers the secretary do not welcome .
the commissioner the teachers do not welcome .
do not welcome the child the teachers .
the student the teachers do not welcome .
do not welcome the presidents the teachers .
the teachers the men do not welcome .
the women the teachers do not welcome .
do not welcome the teachers the ministers .
the teachers do not welcome the candidates .
the secretaries the teachers do not welcome .
the commissioners do not welcome the teachers .
do not welcome the teachers the children .
do not welcome the students the teachers .
the president do not invite the teachers .
the man do not invite the teachers .
the teachers do not invite the woman .
do not invite the minister the teachers .
the candidate do not invite the teachers .
the secretary the teachers do not invite .
the commissioner the teachers do not invite .
the child do not invite the teachers .
do not invite the student the teachers .
the presidents do not invite the teachers .
do not invite the teachers the men .
the teachers do not invite the women .
the ministers do not invite the teachers .
do not invite the teachers the candidates .
the teachers do not invite the secretaries .
the teachers do not invite the commissioners .
the children the teachers do not invite .
the students the teachers do not invite .
do not attack the president the teachers .
the man the teachers do not attack .
do not attack the teachers the woman .
the teachers the minister do not attack .
do not attack the teachers the candidate .
the secretary do not attack the teachers .
do not attack the teachers the commissioner .
the child the teachers do not attack .
the teachers the student do not attack .
do not attack the teachers the presidents .
the teachers do not attack the men .
the women the teachers do not attack .
the ministers the teachers do not attack .
the teachers do not attack the candidates .
the teachers the secretaries do not attack .
the teachers do not attack the commissioners .
do not attack the children the teachers .
the teachers do not attack the students .
do not respect the president the teachers .
the teachers do not respect the man .
the woman do not respect the teachers .
the minister do not respect the teachers .
the teachers do not respect the candidate .
the teachers the secretary do not respect .
do not respect the commissioner the teachers .
the teachers the child do not respect .
the student do not respect the teachers .
the presidents do not respect the teachers .
do not respect the teachers the men .
the teachers the women do not respect .
the teachers the ministers do not respect .
the teachers the candidates do not respect .
the secretaries the teachers do not respect .
do not respect the teachers the commissioners .
do not respect the children the teachers .
the teachers the students do not respect .
do not replace the president the teachers .
the man the teachers do not replace .
the teachers do not replace the woman .
do not replace the teachers the minister .
the candidate do not replace the teachers .
the secretary do not replace the teachers .
do not replace the teachers the commissioner .
do not replace the teachers the child .
the student do not replace the teachers .
the teachers do not replace the presidents .
do not replace the men the teachers .
do not replace the teachers the women .
do not replace the ministers the teachers .
the teachers do not replace the candidates .
do not replace the secretaries the teachers .
the teachers the commissioners do not replace .
the children the teachers do not replace .
the students do not replace the teachers .
do not exploit the teachers the president .
do not exploit the man the teachers .
the woman the teachers do not exploit .
do not exploit the teachers the minister .
the candidate do not exploit the teachers .
the secretary the teachers do not exploit .
the commissioner the teachers do not exploit .
the teachers the child do not exploit .
the teachers do not exploit the student .
the teachers do not exploit the presidents .
the men do not exploit the teachers .
the teachers the women do not exploit .
the teachers the ministers do not exploit .
the candidates the teachers do not exploit .
the secretaries the teachers do not exploit .
do not exploit the commissioners the teachers .
do not exploit the teachers the children .
the students the teachers do not exploit .
the students do not thank the president .
the students the man do not thank .
do not thank the students the woman .
the minister the students do not thank .
the students do not thank the candidate .
the secretary do not thank the students .
do not thank the commissioner the students .
the students do not thank the child .
the teacher do not thank the students .
the students do not thank the presidents .
do not thank the men the students .
do not thank the students the women .
the students the ministers do not thank .
the students the candidates do not thank .
do not thank the secretaries the students .
the commissioners the students do not thank .
the students do not thank the children .
do not thank the students the teachers .
do not support the president the students .
the students do not support the man .
the students do not support the woman .
the students do not support the minister .
the students the candidate do not support .
do not support the secretary the students .
the students do not support the commissioner .
the students the child do not support .
do not support the teacher the students .
the students the presidents do not support .
the men the students do not support .
do not support the students the women .
the ministers the students do not support .
do not support the students the candidates .
the students the secretaries do not support .
the commissioners the students do not support .
do not support the students the children .
the students the teachers do not support .
the students the president do not represent .
the students the man do not represent .
the woman the students do not represent .
the students the minister do not represent .
do not represent the candidate the students .
the students do not represent the secretary .
the commissioner the students do not represent .
the students do not represent the child .
do not represent the teacher the students .
the students do not represent the presidents .
do not represent the students the men .
do not represent the students the women .
do not represent the students the ministers .
the students do not represent the candidates .
do not represent the secretaries the students .
the commissioners do not represent the students .
the students the children do not represent .
the teachers do not represent the students .
do not defend the students the president .
do not defend the students the man .
the woman the students do not defend .
do not defend the minister the students .
do not defend the candidate the students .
the secretary do not defend the students .
the students do not defend the commissioner .
the students do not defend the child .
the students the teacher do not defend .
do not defend the students the presidents .
the students do not defend the men .
the students do not defend the women .
the students the ministers do not defend .
do not defend the students the candidates .
do not defend the secretaries the students .
the students do not defend the commissioners .
the students do not defend the children .
the teachers the students do not defend .
the president do not welcome the students .
the students do not welcome the man .
the students the woman do not welcome .
the minister the students do not welcome .
do not welcome the candidate the students .
the secretary the students do not welcome .
the commissioner do not welcome the students .
the students do not welcome the child .
the teacher do not welcome the students .
the presidents the students do not welcome .
do not welcome the students the men .
do not welcome the students the women .
do not welcome the students the ministers .
the students the candidates do not welcome .
the secretaries the students do not welcome .
the commissioners the students do not welcome .
do not welcome the children the students .
the teachers do not welcome the students .
do not invite the students the president .
do not invite the man the students .
the woman do not invite the students .
the minister do not invite the students .
the candidate the students do not invite .
the students do not invite the secretary .
the commissioner do not invite the students .
do not invite the child the students .
the teacher the students do not invite .
the presidents the students do not invite .
the students the men do not invite .
do not invite the women the students .
the students do not invite the ministers .
do not invite the candidates the students .
the students the secretaries do not invite .
the commissioners the students do not invite .
the students the children do not invite .
do not invite the students the teachers .
the president the students do not attack .
do not attack the man the students .
do not attack the woman the students .
do not attack the students the minister .
the students do not attack the candidate .
the students do not attack the secretary .
the students the commissioner do not attack .
do not attack the students the child .
the students the teacher do not attack .
the presidents the students do not attack .
do not attack the men the students .
the women do not attack the students .
the ministers do not attack the students .
do not attack the students the candidates .
the secretaries the students do not attack .
do not attack the students the commissioners .
the students the children do not attack .
the students do not attack the teachers .
the president do not respect the students .
the man do not respect the students .
the woman the students do not respect .
the students do not respect the minister .
do not respect the students the candidate .
the students the secretary do not respect .
do not respect the commissioner the students .
do not respect the child the students .
the students the teacher do not respect .
the presidents the students do not respect .
the men do not respect the students .
the women the students do not respect .
do not respect the ministers the students .
do not respect the students the candidates .
do not respect the students the secretaries .
the commissioners the students do not respect .
the children do not respect the students .
do not respect the teachers the students .
the president the students do not replace .
do not replace the man the students .
the woman the students do not replace .
do not replace the minister the students .
do not replace the students the candidate .
the secretary do not replace the students .
the commissioner the students do not replace .
the child do not replace the students .
the students do not replace the teacher .
do not replace the students the presidents .
the men the students do not replace .
the students the women do not replace .
the ministers do not replace the students .
do not replace the students the candidates .
the secretaries do not replace the students .
the students do not replace the commissioners .
do not replace the students the children .
the students do not replace the teachers .
the students do not exploit the president .
the man do not exploit the students .
the students do not exploit the woman .
do not exploit the students the minister .
the students the candidate do not exploit .
the secretary do not exploit the students .
the students the commissioner do not exploit .
the child do not exploit the students .
the teacher do not exploit the students .
the students do not exploit the presidents .
the men do not exploit the students .
the women do not exploit the students .
the students the ministers do not exploit .
the candidates the students do not exploit .
do not exploit the secretaries the students .
the students the commissioners do not exploit .
the students do not exploit the children .
the students the teachers do not exploit .
