man the the president . thanks
the . thanks woman the president
minister the thanks the . president
the the president thanks candidate .
the thanks secretary president the .
. thanks president the the commissioner
child the the thanks . president
president . thanks the teacher the
thanks student the president . the
. men thanks the the president
the president the . women thanks
ministers the . the president thanks
candidates president the the . thanks
president thanks the . secretaries the
. thanks president commissioners the the
thanks the . the children president
the thanks teachers president the .
students the thanks president . the
supports the man . the president
the president supports . woman the
the president the supports minister .
president the supports candidate . the
. president the the secretary supports
the the . commissioner president supports
president the the . child supports
the teacher . president supports the
the supports president student the .
men the president supports the .
the supports the . president women
the ministers . president the supports
president supports the the . candidates
the secretaries president the . supports
. supports the commissioners president the
. children president the supports the
. the president the supports teachers
. president the students the supports
represents . man president the the
. represents the woman president the
minister represents the president . the
. represents the president candidate the
the secretary represents the president .
commissioner the the represents president .
child represents . the president the
represents teacher president the . the
the student . the represents president
president men the represents the .
president represents . women the the
. ministers the the president represents
represents candidates president the . the
president the represents secretaries . the
commissioners represents the the president .
children the . represents the president
the represents . president the teachers
the president the . represents students
defends man the the . president
defends president the . the woman
. minister defends the president the
the candidate . the president defends
the president secretary . defends the
the president commissioner defends the .
child the the president . defends
the the defends teacher president .
defends student the . the president
the president the defends . men
women the the defends president .
defends . the the ministers president
the the candidates defends president .
president the defends . the secretaries
the president commissioners the . defends
president the children defends the .
the . teachers the defends president
. the the students president defends
man the the welcomes . president
. the woman president welcomes the
the the minister president welcomes .
president welcomes candidate the the .
the president welcomes . secretary the
the commissioner . president welcomes the
child welcomes the . the president
. the teacher welcomes the president
president . welcomes the student the
the welcomes . president men the
the president women the . welcomes
the president welcomes . ministers the
the the candidates . president welcomes
president the welcomes secretaries . the
. welcomes commissioners the the president
the welcomes . president the children
president the teachers . welcomes the
. the the students welcomes president
the . invites the man president
woman . president invites the the
the president . invites minister the
the candidate president invites . the
. the secretary the invites president
the president commissioner . invites the
president invites child the . the
the the teacher president invites .
invites . the president student the
president the the . men invites
the president the women . invites
ministers . invites the president the
the the . president candidates invites
the the secretaries invites president .
invites commissioners president the the .
the . children president invites the
teachers the invites the president .
president . students the the invites
man . the the attacks president
attacks president woman the . the
attacks the president minister . the
. the candidate president the attacks
. attacks secretary the the president
the president commissioner . the attacks
attacks . the child president the
the the teacher president attacks .
. the student president the attacks
men president attacks . the the
. women the attacks the president
president the attacks . the ministers
president . the candidates the attacks
the the secretaries . attacks president
the . president attacks commissioners the
the . president the children attacks
. president teachers attacks the the
president the the attacks students .
. man respects president the the
the president . woman respects the
the minister the . respects president
. the respects candidate president the
respects secretary . the president the
. the commissioner president the respects
child . the the respects president
president the teacher the respects .
respects . president student the the
. men the respects the president
the women . respects president the
respects ministers president the . the
the respects candidates the president .
respects the . president secretaries the
president respects the the commissioners .
the respects . president the children
president . the the respects teachers
the students respects president the .
replaces . the the president man
. the president the woman replaces
minister replaces the . president the
the candidate the president replaces .
the replaces . the president secretary
commissioner . the the replaces president
the replaces child the president .
the . replaces president teacher the
student president the replaces . the
replaces men president . the the
replaces the . president women the
the ministers the replaces . president
candidates replaces president . the the
the replaces secretaries the president .
president the the . replaces commissioners
children . the the replaces president
the president . teachers the replaces
students president replaces the the .
president the . man the exploits
. the the president woman exploits
exploits the president minister . the
the exploits president candidate the .
the president the . secretary exploits
the . exploits the president commissioner
the exploits . the president child
the . president teacher exploits the
. the the student president exploits
the exploits men . president the
exploits the the . women president
president ministers the . exploits the
. candidates the the president exploits
exploits . president the the secretaries
the exploits president the . commissioners
. the exploits children president the
president teachers the . the exploits
students the exploits the president .
president the thanks . the man
thanks man . woman the the
. the the minister thanks man
candidate thanks . the man the
the man the thanks . secretary
the . thanks man commissioner the
. child the thanks the man
the man the thanks teacher .
thanks the student . the man
presidents . the man thanks the
thanks women the man the .
the man . thanks ministers the
man the the . candidates thanks
thanks man . the secretaries the
man the commissioners thanks the .
the man the thanks . children
teachers man thanks the the .
the the students thanks . man
man the supports the president .
supports . the woman man the
minister man . supports the the
the candidate man supports the .
supports secretary . the the man
commissioner man the . supports the
child the . man supports the
teacher man supports the . the
the the student . supports man
man the the supports presidents .
man the . supports women the
ministers man the supports . the
man the the supports candidates .
the . man supports secretaries the
commissioners man the . the supports
the . children the man supports
the teachers man supports . the
the students supports . man the
man president . the the represents
the woman represents . man the
represents the . the man minister
candidate the . man represents the
represents man . the the secretary
the represents man the commissioner .
represents the child . the man
. represents the the teacher man
man represents . the student the
man the presidents . represents the
the represents . women man the
the the ministers man represents .
. represents candidates the the man
secretaries . the represents man the
the commissioners man . the represents
the man represents children the .
. the the man represents teachers
the the . students represents man
the defends president the . man
woman the defends man . the
man the defends the . minister
candidate defends the the man .
secretary defends man . the the
the man . commissioner defends the
the defends the man . child
. teacher the defends man the
defends student . the man the
the the defends . man presidents
the the women defends man .
the defends . ministers the man
candidates man the the . defends
secretaries the . defends the man
the . the man defends commissioners
the defends the . children man
the man the defends . teachers
the . students the defends man
the . man welcomes president the
the welcomes woman . man the
minister the man the welcomes .
the . candidate welcomes man the
the welcomes man the secretary .
. welcomes man the commissioner the
child the the . man welcomes
teacher the the . welcomes man
student man . welcomes the the
the presidents the . welcomes man
the women welcomes man . the
the ministers welcomes man . the
man . welcomes the the candidates
welcomes the the secretaries man .
commissioners . the man welcomes the
man children the welcomes the .
the . teachers man the welcomes
welcomes the students . the man
. the the president invites man
the . the woman man invites
. the man minister the invites
the candidate the man . invites
invites the secretary man the .
commissioner the the . invites man
the man invites child . the
. the invites the man teacher
the invites the man student .
the the man . presidents invites
women . the the man invites
ministers invites man . the the
man invites candidates the . the
invites the the . secretaries man
. the commissioners the man invites
children the . invites the man
the the teachers . invites man
invites students . man the the
the . the attacks president man
. woman man attacks the the
minister the the man attacks .
the candidate the attacks . man
attacks secretary the the . man
commissioner the the attacks man .
. child man the attacks the
the teacher man attacks . the
the student the attacks man .
attacks the . the man presidents
the . women attacks man the
man attacks . ministers the the
the the candidates man attacks .
the attacks . man the secretaries
commissioners man the the . attacks
man the attacks the children .
the attacks teachers . man the
the . attacks man the students
respects . the the man president
the the man . respects woman
. the respects man minister the
candidate the the man respects .
respects the secretary man . the
man . commissioner respects the the
man child respects . the the
the . teacher respects man the
respects student the man the .
. man the presidents respects the
man women respects . the the
ministers the respects man the .
. man candidates the the respects
secretaries . the respects the man
respects the the man commissioners .
respects . man the the children
the teachers respects . man the
the . the respects man students
president . replaces the the man
replaces man . the woman the
. minister man the replaces the
the replaces the man candidate .
secretary replaces the . man the
man the . replaces commissioner the
. child replaces man the the
teacher the . the man replaces
. student the the replaces man
the presidents replaces man . the
the man replaces the women .
the replaces ministers . the man
the candidates man the replaces .
secretaries the . the man replaces
. the replaces commissioners man the
man the the children replaces .
man . the replaces the teachers
students replaces the . man the
president the man . exploits the
the woman the exploits man .
. the exploits the minister man
exploits man candidate . the the
the . secretary exploits man the
commissioner . the the man exploits
the man exploits child . the
man exploits the the teacher .
. exploits the student man the
presidents the the . exploits man
the women the man . exploits
the the man exploits . ministers
the man exploits candidates . the
exploits . man the the secretaries
man the the . commissioners exploits
. man the children the exploits
the man teachers the exploits .
the students the . exploits man
. the woman the president thanks
woman man thanks the . the
woman the . minister thanks the
woman the candidate . thanks the
the thanks secretary the . woman
the . woman the thanks commissioner
child the the . woman thanks
the the woman teacher . thanks
the the student . thanks woman
the . woman the thanks presidents
the woman . the thanks men
. the ministers woman thanks the
candidates . the the thanks woman
the secretaries thanks . the woman
commissioners the . woman the thanks
woman children . thanks the the
thanks teachers . the the woman
the . thanks students the woman
president the supports the woman .
the the man . supports woman
the woman the . supports minister
woman the the supports . candidate
secretary the supports woman the .
the . commissioner supports the woman
supports child the . woman the
woman supports teacher the the .
woman student . the supports the
woman the the . supports presidents
the men . woman the supports
woman ministers the . supports the
. the supports candidates the woman
. secretaries the supports the woman
supports the the commissioners . woman
supports woman children . the the
teachers the woman . supports the
the the students . woman supports
represents woman president . the the
man . the woman the represents
represents woman the . minister the
represents the candidate woman the .
the . woman represents the secretary
represents commissioner . the the woman
the woman child represents the .
represents woman . the the teacher
represents the . the student woman
presidents the represents . woman the
men the the represents . woman
the woman represents ministers the .
represents the . woman the candidates
the . secretaries woman the represents
commissioners woman the the represents .
woman represents children the . the
the . teachers the woman represents
woman . the the represents students
the defends the woman president .
defends the woman . the man
the minister . defends the woman
the defends the candidate . woman
the . woman the defends secretary
defends the woman . commissioner the
child the defends woman . the
the woman the teacher . defends
. student the woman defends the
the woman the . defends presidents
woman the the men defends .
. defends the woman the ministers
woman . candidates defends the the
the woman . secretaries the defends
defends woman . commissioners the the
the children . woman defends the
the the . defends woman teachers
defends the students . the woman
president the welcomes . the woman
the man the welcomes . woman
woman minister . the welcomes the
woman welcomes the candidate the .
the welcomes secretary woman . the
. welcomes the the commissioner woman
welcomes child woman . the the
the woman the . teacher welcomes
the the . woman student welcomes
. the presidents the welcomes woman
woman . men the the welcomes
. the welcomes woman ministers the
. the welcomes candidates the woman
. secretaries welcomes the woman the
. woman welcomes commissioners the the
children woman . the the welcomes
the . the welcomes woman teachers
welcomes . students the woman the
. the invites woman the president
woman the . invites the man
invites woman the the . minister
invites candidate . the woman the
woman the the secretary invites .
the woman commissioner . invites the
the the . invites woman child
. the teacher invites woman the
the the woman invites student .
invites the presidents . woman the
men woman the the invites .
. woman the ministers invites the
candidates the invites woman . the
woman . the invites secretaries the
commissioners invites the the woman .
. the woman invites the children
woman invites the teachers the .
invites students woman . the the
president attacks . the the woman
woman attacks man the the .
the . woman attacks minister the
woman candidate the the . attacks
. woman attacks secretary the the
the . attacks woman the commissioner
child . the attacks woman the
attacks the woman teacher the .
. woman the student attacks the
presidents woman the . attacks the
the the men attacks . woman
woman . the attacks ministers the
. candidates attacks the woman the
the attacks secretaries . the woman
woman the . commissioners the attacks
. woman children attacks the the
woman . teachers the attacks the
students the attacks the . woman
the . respects woman president the
woman respects the . the man
the woman . minister the respects
woman the respects . candidate the
secretary the respects the woman .
commissioner woman respects the the .
woman child the the . respects
respects the woman teacher . the
the student . the respects woman
woman . the the presidents respects
men woman the respects the .
. the respects woman ministers the
woman candidates the the respects .
secretaries the woman . the respects
respects the commissioners the woman .
the woman . the respects children
the . woman teachers respects the
the . respects woman students the
the president woman . replaces the
the replaces man woman the .
the woman the minister replaces .
the candidate replaces . woman the
the the replaces . woman secretary
. woman the replaces the commissioner
. woman the replaces child the
the woman the teacher replaces .
student woman replaces the the .
the woman the presidents . replaces
men the . woman the replaces
ministers replaces the the . woman
woman . the the candidates replaces
. the secretaries the replaces woman
commissioners replaces woman the . the
woman the replaces . children the
woman teachers the . the replaces
students replaces the . the woman
woman the . president the exploits
man woman . exploits the the
. exploits minister the woman the
the candidate exploits the woman .
the woman secretary the exploits .
exploits woman commissioner the the .
exploits . the child woman the
woman teacher the . the exploits
student woman the exploits the .
exploits the . the woman presidents
the . the exploits woman men
woman the ministers the . exploits
the candidates the woman . exploits
exploits secretaries the woman the .
commissioners exploits the woman . the
. exploits the woman the children
the woman teachers the exploits .
the exploits . students woman the
. minister thanks the the president
man minister the thanks . the
the thanks . the minister woman
minister . candidate the the thanks
thanks minister . the the secretary
commissioner minister thanks the the .
the . minister child the thanks
. thanks the minister teacher the
. thanks the student minister the
. presidents thanks minister the the
. the men minister thanks the
minister the the . thanks women
candidates thanks . the the minister
. the the secretaries minister thanks
thanks commissioners the minister . the
children thanks the . the minister
. thanks teachers the minister the
. the students minister thanks the
supports the . president the minister
the . supports minister the man
woman . minister the supports the
. the minister supports the candidate
the supports . the minister secretary
commissioner the supports the minister .
the child minister supports the .
the supports the teacher minister .
the minister student supports the .
the supports presidents . minister the
men . the the supports minister
women minister the supports . the
the the supports . candidates minister
secretaries the minister supports . the
supports the the commissioners minister .
supports children the minister the .
teachers minister supports . the the
. minister the the students supports
president represents the minister the .
. man represents minister the the
woman minister the . represents the
candidate represents the the . minister
secretary the the represents . minister
commissioner . represents the the minister
the . minister child the represents
teacher the represents minister the .
represents student minister the the .
the . presidents minister the represents
men . represents minister the the
the women the . represents minister
candidates . represents the minister the
. the minister represents the secretaries
the the minister represents commissioners .
children represents minister the the .
the teachers . the minister represents
. the the represents minister students
defends the the president . minister
defends man . minister the the
the . defends minister woman the
. minister the the candidate defends
defends the secretary minister the .
the the minister defends commissioner .
the . the minister defends child
defends minister the the teacher .
the minister . the student defends
. presidents the defends minister the
defends . minister men the the
the minister . defends women the
the candidates the minister . defends
the defends secretaries . minister the
. commissioners defends minister the the
the defends the children . minister
. teachers minister the the defends
the the . students defends minister
. the president the minister welcomes
the the man welcomes minister .
. the minister the welcomes woman
welcomes . the candidate the minister
the minister secretary welcomes . the
minister commissioner the welcomes . the
welcomes minister child the the .
the welcomes the minister teacher .
. the the welcomes minister student
presidents welcomes . the the minister
. men minister the the welcomes
minister welcomes . women the the
. welcomes the candidates minister the
the minister secretaries the welcomes .
minister welcomes the . the commissioners
the . children welcomes minister the
the minister . welcomes the teachers
welcomes the . students the minister
the the . president invites minister
invites the man the minister .
minister . invites woman the the
minister candidate the the invites .
. invites the minister secretary the
invites the the . minister commissioner
invites . the the minister child
minister the the . teacher invites
minister student the invites . the
. invites the presidents minister the
men invites the minister . the
invites the women the . minister
candidates the minister invites . the
secretaries . invites the minister the
the the invites commissioners minister .
the children . invites the minister
the invites the minister teachers .
. minister the invites students the
the minister attacks . the president
attacks the man minister the .
woman attacks minister the . the
attacks candidate . the the minister
the . minister the attacks secretary
commissioner minister . the attacks the
the . child the minister attacks
minister . the teacher the attacks
minister the . attacks the student
presidents minister attacks the . the
attacks . minister the the men
. the the minister attacks women
. attacks minister the candidates the
the attacks the secretaries minister .
the minister . commissioners attacks the
. minister children attacks the the
minister teachers attacks . the the
attacks the minister students . the
respects president . minister the the
. the minister respects the man
. the woman the minister respects
minister candidate . the respects the
the the . respects minister secretary
the minister commissioner . the respects
respects child minister the . the
the respects teacher minister the .
the . respects the minister student
the the respects presidents . minister
respects minister men the the .
respects the minister women the .
minister the . candidates the respects
the respects . the secretaries minister
the minister respects . commissioners the
minister the children the respects .
. minister respects the teachers the
the minister the students . respects
. minister the replaces the president
the minister . man the replaces
replaces woman the minister the .
candidate . replaces the minister the
minister replaces secretary . the the
replaces the commissioner . the minister
the . replaces minister child the
the . teacher the minister replaces
student . the the minister replaces
. the replaces presidents minister the
. minister men the the replaces
the minister . the replaces women
minister candidates replaces . the the
replaces the . the minister secretaries
the commissioners the replaces . minister
children minister the the replaces .
minister replaces teachers the . the
the replaces . students the minister
exploits . the minister president the
the the exploits . minister man
minister . exploits the woman the
the . minister candidate the exploits
the the minister . exploits secretary
. the the minister exploits commissioner
. exploits child the minister the
the exploits . minister teacher the
. the student minister the exploits
. exploits minister the presidents the
men . the exploits the minister
the exploits women minister the .
the . exploits candidates minister the
minister . the the exploits secretaries
exploits . minister commissioners the the
exploits children minister the . the
exploits minister . teachers the the
minister the students . exploits the
thanks president the candidate . the
. thanks candidate the man the
thanks . the candidate woman the
the thanks minister the candidate .
. the secretary the candidate thanks
the the thanks commissioner candidate .
candidate the child . thanks the
the candidate thanks . teacher the
the student the thanks . candidate
. thanks candidate presidents the the
men the candidate the . thanks
the thanks candidate women the .
candidate the ministers . thanks the
the the thanks secretaries candidate .
the candidate the commissioners . thanks
. candidate the the thanks children
teachers candidate thanks the the .
candidate thanks students the . the
. candidate the supports president the
supports the the man candidate .
the supports woman candidate . the
the the supports . candidate minister
candidate . the the secretary supports
the candidate supports the commissioner .
the . the supports candidate child
the the . candidate supports teacher
. student candidate the supports the
candidate . presidents the the supports
men the supports the candidate .
the supports women candidate the .
. the supports the ministers candidate
secretaries the candidate supports the .
. commissioners supports the the candidate
children candidate . the the supports
. the candidate teachers the supports
candidate the . students supports the
the president candidate . the represents
the . represents man the candidate
the . candidate woman represents the
the minister . candidate represents the
represents candidate the the secretary .
the represents candidate . commissioner the
the the represents child . candidate
teacher candidate . represents the the
the student . candidate represents the
presidents the . represents candidate the
men represents . the candidate the
candidate represents the . the women
ministers represents the . the candidate
. the secretaries the represents candidate
commissioners the represents the candidate .
candidate the the represents . children
represents the . candidate the teachers
students . candidate represents the the
candidate defends the . president the
defends candidate the the man .
the woman the candidate defends .
. defends candidate the minister the
. the candidate secretary defends the
candidate the the defends . commissioner
. candidate the child the defends
teacher the . candidate defends the
. the candidate the defends student
defends the presidents the candidate .
the the men defends candidate .
women candidate . defends the the
defends the ministers . candidate the
defends secretaries the the candidate .
the commissioners . defends the candidate
children the candidate . the defends
defends teachers the candidate the .
students candidate the defends the .
candidate . the president welcomes the
. the the candidate man welcomes
the . woman the candidate welcomes
minister candidate the welcomes the .
. welcomes secretary the the candidate
the candidate . the commissioner welcomes
welcomes child candidate the the .
candidate welcomes . teacher the the
the the . candidate student welcomes
presidents . welcomes the candidate the
welcomes men . the candidate the
. candidate the women welcomes the
candidate the ministers the . welcomes
candidate . the secretaries welcomes the
candidate commissioners welcomes the . the
welcomes children candidate the . the
. teachers the the welcomes candidate
welcomes students the the candidate .
the president candidate . the invites
the invites candidate man . the
woman the invites . candidate the
minister . the candidate invites the
. the candidate invites secretary the
the invites commissioner the candidate .
invites the . child the candidate
teacher . the invites the candidate
candidate . invites the the student
. invites the presidents the candidate
men invites the the candidate .
the women invites candidate the .
candidate invites the ministers . the
invites the candidate . the secretaries
candidate invites the . commissioners the
candidate . the the children invites
candidate the the . teachers invites
the students the invites candidate .
president the the . candidate attacks
the the candidate man . attacks
the attacks . woman the candidate
. attacks minister candidate the the
the . candidate the attacks secretary
attacks candidate commissioner . the the
the child . attacks candidate the
attacks the candidate the teacher .
student attacks . the candidate the
presidents the the attacks . candidate
the men attacks candidate . the
women the attacks . candidate the
ministers . attacks candidate the the
the attacks candidate the . secretaries
candidate the commissioners attacks . the
the . attacks candidate children the
. the attacks teachers candidate the
candidate the . attacks students the
the candidate president respects the .
. respects man the candidate the
. the the woman respects candidate
the minister . candidate respects the
candidate respects the . the secretary
the commissioner candidate respects the .
. the respects candidate child the
candidate the the teacher . respects
the student . the respects candidate
respects candidate . presidents the the
men candidate the the respects .
respects the . women the candidate
. the the ministers candidate respects
respects . the secretaries the candidate
the candidate commissioners . respects the
children respects the candidate the .
candidate the the respects teachers .
students . candidate the respects the
candidate replaces the president . the
man . the candidate replaces the
. woman candidate the the replaces
the . replaces the candidate minister
. the replaces secretary the candidate
the . replaces the candidate commissioner
candidate the . the replaces child
teacher . the candidate replaces the
. the candidate the replaces student
the replaces presidents candidate the .
replaces candidate the the men .
the . the replaces candidate women
ministers the . replaces the candidate
secretaries . the replaces candidate the
. candidate commissioners replaces the the
the candidate the . children replaces
the candidate . teachers the replaces
candidate students the . the replaces
candidate president . the exploits the
man . candidate the the exploits
candidate the the exploits . woman
exploits the the minister . candidate
the secretary exploits . candidate the
. the commissioner candidate the exploits
. candidate child exploits the the
teacher the candidate the . exploits
the . student exploits candidate the
the the exploits presidents . candidate
candidate . exploits men the the
. the women exploits candidate the
exploits the candidate . the ministers
exploits . secretaries the the candidate
commissioners candidate exploits . the the
. the candidate exploits the children
teachers the . candidate exploits the
candidate . exploits the the students
president the . secretary the thanks
secretary the . man thanks the
the secretary thanks woman the .
thanks . secretary the the minister
. candidate secretary thanks the the
. commissioner the the secretary thanks
. thanks child the the secretary
the secretary teacher the . thanks
. secretary thanks the the student
. the secretary thanks the presidents
men the secretary thanks the .
women thanks . secretary the the
thanks the . ministers secretary the
. thanks the the secretary candidates
commissioners . thanks the secretary the
children . the the secretary thanks
secretary the thanks teachers . the
the . the students secretary thanks
the secretary . supports the president
man supports secretary . the the
secretary supports the the . woman
. the minister supports secretary the
supports the candidate the secretary .
supports secretary the the . commissioner
supports child secretary the the .
. teacher the the secretary supports
the student the supports secretary .
the secretary presidents supports . the
the men the . secretary supports
supports women the secretary the .
secretary the supports . ministers the
. the the supports candidates secretary
the supports . secretary the commissioners
. the children supports secretary the
. teachers secretary supports the the
students secretary . supports the the
president secretary represents the the .
represents man secretary the . the
secretary the the represents . woman
. secretary represents minister the the
represents . the candidate secretary the
the the represents commissioner . secretary
child secretary the the represents .
secretary represents the teacher . the
the represents . secretary the student
the represents secretary presidents the .
men represents the . secretary the
represents secretary . the women the
the the represents secretary ministers .
the the secretary candidates represents .
secretary represents commissioners . the the
. the secretary the children represents
. the the represents teachers secretary
. the represents the secretary students
the president secretary . the defends
defends secretary the man the .
the woman secretary defends . the
. defends the secretary the minister
the . defends the secretary candidate
secretary defends the commissioner . the
defends . child the the secretary
secretary . the the defends teacher
the defends student the secretary .
the defends presidents secretary . the
. defends men the the secretary
secretary the . women the defends
the secretary defends . ministers the
secretary the . candidates the defends
the commissioners the secretary . defends
the . secretary defends the children
secretary defends teachers . the the
secretary . the defends students the
secretary welcomes the president . the
the the . secretary man welcomes
woman . the welcomes secretary the
welcomes the . the minister secretary
the welcomes secretary candidate the .
commissioner the the secretary . welcomes
the welcomes the child . secretary
. secretary teacher welcomes the the
welcomes the secretary student the .
. the the presidents welcomes secretary
secretary the . welcomes the men
the the secretary women . welcomes
the secretary the . welcomes ministers
the secretary the . welcomes candidates
secretary the commissioners welcomes the .
the children the secretary . welcomes
welcomes the the teachers . secretary
the welcomes students the . secretary
invites . the secretary the president
the the . invites man secretary
the invites . the secretary woman
the . the secretary minister invites
the . invites secretary candidate the
invites . the secretary the commissioner
the invites child the secretary .
invites the the . secretary teacher
the . student secretary invites the
presidents invites secretary the . the
secretary the men invites . the
. invites the women the secretary
invites the ministers the secretary .
candidates secretary . invites the the
. the secretary commissioners invites the
. invites secretary children the the
secretary the teachers . the invites
the secretary . students invites the
the attacks president the . secretary
the man . secretary the attacks
attacks secretary the woman . the
the secretary . attacks the minister
candidate . the secretary attacks the
attacks secretary . the the commissioner
the . the attacks child secretary
attacks . the secretary teacher the
attacks the the student secretary .
the the presidents attacks secretary .
attacks men secretary the the .
attacks . secretary women the the
attacks the ministers secretary the .
candidates the attacks the . secretary
. secretary attacks the commissioners the
children attacks secretary . the the
the teachers . attacks the secretary
. students attacks the secretary the
secretary . the president the respects
. the secretary man respects the
woman respects . secretary the the
respects the secretary . the minister
candidate . secretary the the respects
secretary commissioner respects the the .
child respects the the . secretary
teacher the . respects the secretary
the respects . the secretary student
. respects presidents the secretary the
secretary men . the the respects
the secretary respects . the women
. the the ministers respects secretary
. respects candidates the secretary the
respects secretary commissioners . the the
the children respects . secretary the
secretary the respects teachers the .
. the secretary the students respects
the replaces . the president secretary
secretary replaces man the the .
the the replaces woman . secretary
the the . minister secretary replaces
the the . replaces candidate secretary
secretary replaces commissioner the the .
the the secretary replaces child .
the teacher the secretary replaces .
the the . secretary replaces student
replaces the . secretary the presidents
the replaces the . men secretary
replaces . secretary women the the
secretary the the . replaces ministers
replaces the secretary candidates . the
the replaces . the secretary commissioners
replaces secretary children the the .
. the secretary the replaces teachers
. the students the secretary replaces
president . the secretary exploits the
secretary exploits the man the .
the woman exploits secretary the .
the secretary minister the exploits .
the secretary exploits the candidate .
commissioner exploits the . secretary the
the the child exploits . secretary
exploits secretary the the teacher .
the secretary . the student exploits
the presidents secretary exploits the .
exploits . the men the secretary
secretary the . exploits women the
secretary the exploits the ministers .
secretary exploits the the . candidates
the the exploits secretary commissioners .
the secretary children exploits the .
the . the exploits teachers secretary
secretary . the students the exploits
. the the president commissioner thanks
. man commissioner the the thanks
the woman the thanks . commissioner
. the minister thanks commissioner the
thanks the commissioner . candidate the
secretary . thanks the the commissioner
. the commissioner child thanks the
the the . thanks commissioner teacher
. thanks student the the commissioner
the . the thanks presidents commissioner
commissioner . thanks men the the
the women . the commissioner thanks
the ministers the . thanks commissioner
commissioner the . thanks the candidates
the thanks secretaries commissioner the .
. the children commissioner thanks the
teachers commissioner thanks the the .
thanks . the commissioner the students
commissioner . president the the supports
. the man supports commissioner the
. supports commissioner the woman the
the supports commissioner . minister the
supports the commissioner . the candidate
the commissioner supports the secretary .
child . supports the commissioner the
supports teacher . the commissioner the
student the . the commissioner supports
supports the . presidents commissioner the
. men the commissioner supports the
the the . commissioner supports women
ministers commissioner . the supports the
supports candidates the commissioner the .
commissioner the the secretaries supports .
supports the the children . commissioner
teachers the . the commissioner supports
students . supports the commissioner the
president . the commissioner the represents
the man . represents commissioner the
commissioner woman the represents the .
commissioner represents the . the minister
the candidate represents the commissioner .
represents secretary the commissioner . the
commissioner the . child the represents
. the teacher the represents commissioner
the . student the commissioner represents
. the the represents presidents commissioner
men the . the represents commissioner
women the commissioner represents the .
commissioner represents ministers . the the
represents commissioner candidates the the .
represents . commissioner the the secretaries
represents . commissioner children the the
teachers the commissioner represents the .
commissioner the . students represents the
. the defends the president commissioner
. the commissioner defends the man
woman . the commissioner the defends
commissioner the defends . the minister
. commissioner the defends candidate the
secretary commissioner defends the . the
child the commissioner . the defends
the . the defends teacher commissioner
the defends the commissioner . student
. the defends presidents the commissioner
the commissioner . the defends men
defends the women commissioner . the
the . defends commissioner ministers the
candidates the the defends commissioner .
the secretaries defends the . commissioner
. commissioner children defends the the
teachers defends . the commissioner the
the the . students commissioner defends
welcomes commissioner . president the the
welcomes the the . commissioner man
commissioner . welcomes the woman the
the welcomes minister commissioner the .
commissioner . welcomes the the candidate
commissioner the secretary . welcomes the
child commissioner . the the welcomes
the welcomes commissioner teacher . the
the student commissioner . welcomes the
the welcomes the . commissioner presidents
commissioner men . the the welcomes
women commissioner . welcomes the the
welcomes the ministers commissioner the .
welcomes commissioner . candidates the the
secretaries the . welcomes the commissioner
the . children welcomes the commissioner
teachers welcomes . the commissioner the
the the students commissioner welcomes .
president . the the commissioner invites
invites . the commissioner the man
commissioner the . the invites woman
commissioner invites . the the minister
candidate invites commissioner the . the
secretary commissioner the the . invites
the child the invites commissioner .
the . teacher commissioner invites the
the the . commissioner student invites
. presidents the the commissioner invites
invites the commissioner the . men
. invites commissioner women the the
ministers the commissioner the invites .
. invites the the commissioner candidates
the invites . the commissioner secretaries
commissioner the the children invites .
. the invites commissioner the teachers
invites the students the commissioner .
. the attacks president the commissioner
commissioner . the man the attacks
. the woman attacks commissioner the
the . commissioner the minister attacks
attacks the commissioner the . candidate
secretary attacks the the . commissioner
. the the attacks commissioner child
the the attacks commissioner teacher .
attacks student the commissioner the .
commissioner presidents the attacks the .
. the the commissioner men attacks
attacks . women commissioner the the
attacks ministers commissioner the the .
. candidates the attacks the commissioner
the secretaries commissioner . the attacks
attacks . commissioner the children the
attacks teachers the the commissioner .
. commissioner attacks the the students
president the . the commissioner respects
man the respects the . commissioner
respects the the . commissioner woman
. respects the minister commissioner the
. the respects commissioner candidate the
secretary the the respects commissioner .
the . respects commissioner child the
teacher the respects commissioner . the
commissioner respects student the . the
commissioner respects the the . presidents
the respects commissioner the men .
the . respects women the commissioner
respects the . commissioner the ministers
the respects the candidates commissioner .
the the . secretaries respects commissioner
respects commissioner . the children the
commissioner the . the respects teachers
the the commissioner students . respects
the replaces the . commissioner president
the commissioner . man replaces the
replaces the commissioner . woman the
minister the replaces commissioner the .
replaces commissioner the the . candidate
replaces the commissioner secretary . the
child replaces the the commissioner .
commissioner the replaces the teacher .
the . replaces student commissioner the
presidents commissioner replaces . the the
. the the commissioner men replaces
. commissioner women the replaces the
the the ministers . replaces commissioner
the . replaces the candidates commissioner
the commissioner replaces . the secretaries
children commissioner replaces the . the
commissioner the . the replaces teachers
commissioner . students the replaces the
commissioner the . the president exploits
exploits man . the commissioner the
the exploits the . woman commissioner
. minister the commissioner exploits the
exploits the candidate commissioner the .
. the exploits commissioner the secretary
the the . child commissioner exploits
the the teacher commissioner exploits .
the exploits . commissioner student the
. exploits commissioner presidents the the
men . the exploits commissioner the
the the women . exploits commissioner
exploits the the . ministers commissioner
commissioner candidates exploits the the .
the exploits secretaries the . commissioner
commissioner the exploits the children .
commissioner . the exploits teachers the
the commissioner exploits the . students
child president thanks . the the
thanks the . the man child
thanks . child the woman the
thanks the . the minister child
the . child thanks the candidate
. the child secretary the thanks
thanks . the child the commissioner
the the teacher . thanks child
child student the thanks the .
thanks presidents the child the .
thanks . child men the the
child the the women . thanks
the ministers the . child thanks
the candidates thanks the . child
child the . thanks the secretaries
thanks the . child the commissioners
the the teachers child thanks .
the thanks the students child .
child the the president . supports
the the . child supports man
supports the . the child woman
the child the supports . minister
the the . child supports candidate
child secretary supports the . the
commissioner supports child . the the
. supports the the teacher child
child supports . student the the
supports presidents the child the .
. men supports the the child
women the child supports . the
the child the supports ministers .
child the supports candidates . the
. supports the secretaries the child
child commissioners the . the supports
supports teachers the . child the
. child the supports the students
child represents the the . president
child . man the represents the
the represents woman child . the
. represents the child minister the
the child . represents candidate the
secretary . the child represents the
. the commissioner child represents the
represents the . the teacher child
the the represents child . student
. represents presidents the child the
the the child . represents men
the women represents the . child
ministers represents child the the .
represents child . candidates the the
secretaries represents the the child .
the represents commissioners . the child
. represents teachers the child the
the students the . child represents
. president the defends the child
man defends . the child the
defends the . woman the child
the minister . the child defends
child candidate the defends . the
the secretary defends child the .
the . defends commissioner child the
child the teacher the defends .
the child the defends student .
defends the . presidents child the
the the . defends child men
child women the the defends .
child the ministers defends . the
candidates the child . defends the
child secretaries defends . the the
defends the the . child commissioners
. the teachers defends child the
the students defends the child .
president welcomes the child the .
man . the the child welcomes
the the woman . child welcomes
welcomes minister the child the .
the child candidate the . welcomes
the child the welcomes secretary .
welcomes . child commissioner the the
child the welcomes teacher . the
child the the . student welcomes
welcomes . presidents the the child
the men welcomes the child .
the child . women welcomes the
the . ministers the child welcomes
the . the child candidates welcomes
. the child the secretaries welcomes
commissioners the welcomes the . child
teachers the child welcomes . the
the child students welcomes the .
president the . child invites the
the man child invites the .
the . child the woman invites
invites . the the child minister
candidate invites . the child the
. the child secretary the invites
the child invites the commissioner .
teacher . invites the the child
the student invites . the child
the . invites the presidents child
the . the invites child men
women the . child invites the
invites the child ministers the .
candidates invites . child the the
the child secretaries the invites .
invites commissioners the the child .
the teachers . the child invites
the invites students the . child
the president the . attacks child
man the the . attacks child
child woman attacks the . the
. the attacks child the minister
the the candidate child attacks .
attacks the secretary child the .
commissioner the attacks child . the
the child teacher . the attacks
child attacks the . the student
the the child . presidents attacks
child the the men attacks .
attacks the child women . the
. the child the ministers attacks
. child attacks the the candidates
the . secretaries attacks the child
commissioners child the the . attacks
attacks the teachers . the child
child the . the attacks students
the president respects . child the
the the man respects . child
respects the woman the child .
respects minister . child the the
the child . the candidate respects
. secretary the the child respects
the . child commissioner respects the
respects child the . the teacher
student respects the . the child
presidents respects . child the the
the . respects child men the
child respects the . women the
ministers respects the child the .
the candidates the respects child .
. the the child secretaries respects
respects child . the commissioners the
the respects . the child teachers
the child . the respects students
president child the . replaces the
child the man replaces . the
replaces child woman the the .
minister the the replaces . child
child the the . candidate replaces
child secretary replaces the . the
the commissioner . the child replaces
. child the teacher replaces the
student the replaces child . the
the presidents the . replaces child
men the child the replaces .
child replaces the the women .
the replaces . the child ministers
the child . candidates the replaces
. secretaries child replaces the the
child commissioners the the replaces .
teachers the replaces the child .
the replaces the child students .
exploits president the . child the
the child . the exploits man
woman . the child the exploits
minister . exploits the the child
the exploits the . candidate child
exploits . child the secretary the
child the the . exploits commissioner
teacher the . exploits the child
. the the exploits child student
exploits child the presidents the .
men exploits the child the .
women exploits the . child the
exploits ministers child . the the
the exploits child the . candidates
. secretaries the child the exploits
exploits the . child the commissioners
the exploits the . child teachers
students exploits the the . child
. president the thanks teacher the
the . teacher man thanks the
. teacher thanks woman the the
the the . thanks minister teacher
teacher the . thanks candidate the
the secretary thanks the teacher .
teacher . commissioner the the thanks
child . thanks the teacher the
. thanks the teacher student the
thanks the . presidents teacher the
men thanks the teacher the .
. the thanks women teacher the
ministers the teacher the . thanks
. candidates the the thanks teacher
teacher . secretaries the thanks the
the thanks commissioners teacher . the
the thanks children teacher . the
teacher the thanks students . the
president the teacher supports the .
teacher man the the . supports
. woman the supports the teacher
minister supports teacher the the .
supports . the the teacher candidate
supports . the secretary the teacher
. the teacher supports commissioner the
the supports . teacher the child
the . teacher supports the student
the teacher presidents the . supports
teacher men the supports . the
supports . the teacher women the
teacher the . the ministers supports
the the supports teacher . candidates
the secretaries the . teacher supports
the teacher supports the . commissioners
supports teacher . the the children
. students supports the teacher the
president the teacher . represents the
the man teacher . the represents
represents teacher woman the the .
minister represents . teacher the the
teacher the the represents . candidate
the represents the teacher . secretary
teacher . the the represents commissioner
the teacher . represents the child
. teacher the represents student the
teacher . presidents the represents the
the teacher . men the represents
. teacher represents the the women
teacher . the ministers represents the
the . candidates represents teacher the
secretaries the teacher represents the .
. represents commissioners the teacher the
teacher . the the represents children
teacher . the represents the students
president . defends the teacher the
the defends teacher man . the
. the teacher defends the woman
minister the defends . teacher the
teacher . the the candidate defends
the secretary defends . teacher the
the the teacher commissioner . defends
child the the defends teacher .
student teacher the defends . the
defends the teacher the . presidents
defends the the . teacher men
women defends teacher . the the
the teacher . defends ministers the
candidates defends . the the teacher
defends the the . teacher secretaries
teacher commissioners defends the the .
the the children teacher . defends
the the defends . teacher students
the teacher . the president welcomes
the teacher the . welcomes man
. the the teacher welcomes woman
teacher welcomes the minister . the
teacher the candidate . the welcomes
teacher the the welcomes secretary .
welcomes commissioner the teacher . the
welcomes child the teacher the .
the welcomes student teacher the .
the . teacher presidents the welcomes
welcomes teacher the . men the
welcomes . women teacher the the
. the the ministers teacher welcomes
. teacher the welcomes candidates the
secretaries welcomes the . teacher the
the teacher the commissioners . welcomes
. welcomes the teacher the children
the . teacher the welcomes students
invites teacher . president the the
the . man the teacher invites
the woman . the invites teacher
invites the . minister teacher the
the the . invites teacher candidate
the invites teacher secretary the .
invites the the . commissioner teacher
the child . the teacher invites
the the teacher . student invites
teacher invites presidents the the .
invites the the . teacher men
. invites the women the teacher
the the invites . ministers teacher
invites . teacher the candidates the
secretaries . the invites the teacher
. invites the commissioners the teacher
. teacher invites children the the
students invites teacher . the the
the president teacher the . attacks
the man attacks teacher the .
the attacks the teacher woman .
minister the the . teacher attacks
candidate . teacher the the attacks
the attacks teacher the secretary .
attacks . the the commissioner teacher
child teacher the attacks . the
teacher attacks the student the .
presidents teacher the . the attacks
teacher attacks men the . the
the women teacher attacks . the
attacks the . teacher ministers the
teacher the candidates the . attacks
teacher the . attacks the secretaries
commissioners teacher the the attacks .
the children . teacher the attacks
the attacks students . teacher the
the the president respects . teacher
the the man teacher . respects
the . woman respects the teacher
the . minister teacher respects the
respects the teacher candidate the .
teacher the . respects secretary the
the . commissioner teacher the respects
respects child the . the teacher
student the . respects teacher the
presidents the . the teacher respects
the men respects . teacher the
teacher . the the women respects
the teacher ministers the . respects
the respects the . teacher candidates
the secretaries respects . teacher the
. respects the commissioners the teacher
the . teacher respects children the
the students the teacher . respects
president . the teacher the replaces
replaces the teacher the . man
teacher woman . replaces the the
replaces the the . teacher minister
candidate teacher the the replaces .
. teacher the secretary the replaces
replaces teacher commissioner the . the
teacher the the child replaces .
the replaces student teacher the .
teacher . presidents the replaces the
. the replaces the teacher men
. women replaces the the teacher
. the replaces the teacher ministers
candidates . the teacher replaces the
the replaces . teacher secretaries the
replaces . the teacher commissioners the
the replaces the . children teacher
the teacher replaces . the students
the president exploits teacher . the
the exploits teacher the man .
the the woman . teacher exploits
. the exploits minister the teacher
exploits candidate the teacher the .
. the secretary teacher exploits the
commissioner . the exploits the teacher
exploits child teacher the the .
teacher the exploits . the student
presidents teacher the . the exploits
exploits the men the teacher .
teacher . exploits women the the
the ministers teacher . exploits the
the candidates . the teacher exploits
. secretaries teacher exploits the the
commissioners exploits the the teacher .
teacher children the . exploits the
exploits teacher students the the .
president the . thanks student the
thanks . the student the man
woman . student thanks the the
thanks minister . the the student
the . student candidate the thanks
thanks the the . secretary student
student commissioner . thanks the the
child the student . the thanks
student thanks . the the teacher
student the the presidents thanks .
student the men the . thanks
women the the . student thanks
the ministers the thanks . student
student the candidates . the thanks
the thanks the secretaries student .
the . commissioners thanks student the
children the student . thanks the
the student teachers the . thanks
president student supports the the .
. man the student supports the
student the woman the supports .
minister the supports student the .
student . candidate the the supports
the secretary . student the supports
student commissioner supports . the the
the student supports the child .
supports . teacher student the the
the . presidents supports student the
student supports the . the men
supports student the the . women
the . supports student ministers the
the candidates the student . supports
the the supports . secretaries student
supports the commissioners student . the
. student the the children supports
student the the teachers . supports
represents president . student the the
the . the student man represents
student . the represents woman the
the represents the minister . student
the student . candidate the represents
the the represents student secretary .
represents . the the student commissioner
child . the represents student the
student teacher the the represents .
. the student the represents presidents
the the represents men . student
women represents student the . the
the student the ministers . represents
. the candidates represents student the
student secretaries represents the . the
the represents commissioners . student the
the the student . children represents
represents . the student the teachers
president the defends the student .
student the man defends . the
defends . the student woman the
the defends . minister the student
defends the . student the candidate
. student the defends secretary the
commissioner the the student . defends
the child the defends student .
student the teacher the defends .
the defends presidents student the .
defends the student . men the
. defends women the student the
student the ministers the defends .
. defends student the candidates the
the secretaries . defends student the
defends the the commissioners student .
student defends . the children the
the the . student defends teachers
welcomes . president the the student
the student the man . welcomes
the . student welcomes woman the
the minister welcomes . student the
the . welcomes candidate student the
welcomes . secretary student the the
commissioner student the welcomes the .
the . the welcomes child student
welcomes the teacher student the .
student . the presidents the welcomes
men welcomes student the the .
the . student the women welcomes
ministers . the student the welcomes
the welcomes candidates student . the
the . welcomes the secretaries student
welcomes the student . the commissioners
children welcomes the . the student
welcomes the teachers student the .
student the invites the . president
invites man student the . the
the invites student woman the .
the student minister the . invites
student candidate the invites the .
the the student secretary . invites
the invites . commissioner student the
the student invites child . the
student invites the the teacher .
invites student the . presidents the
student invites . men the the
women invites . the the student
invites the . ministers the student
the candidates the . invites student
the secretaries the invites . student
student invites the . commissioners the
invites the children . the student
invites student the the . teachers
attacks . the president student the
man the attacks student . the
attacks the the student . woman
the the minister student . attacks
attacks . the candidate the student
secretary . the the attacks student
the student attacks the . commissioner
student attacks the child the .
teacher the . the student attacks
the student attacks the presidents .
the men the attacks . student
the student the . attacks women
the . the attacks student ministers
the . attacks candidates the student
the student secretaries the . attacks
the . attacks the commissioners student
. attacks children student the the
. teachers student attacks the the
the respects president the . student
. student man the respects the
the woman respects . the student
minister . student the respects the
student . candidate the respects the
. secretary the respects student the
. student the the respects commissioner
respects . student the child the
the teacher respects . student the
. respects the student the presidents
respects the student . men the
the the student women respects .
student the the . respects ministers
student the respects candidates the .
secretaries . the student respects the
commissioners respects the student the .
children student . the respects the
. the teachers student respects the
student . the replaces the president
. student the the man replaces
the woman the student . replaces
replaces student the the . minister
. student the candidate the replaces
student replaces secretary . the the
commissioner student the the replaces .
child the student the . replaces
student replaces the . the teacher
the presidents replaces student . the
men the student replaces the .
the replaces . the women student
student replaces . ministers the the
student the candidates the . replaces
. student the the secretaries replaces
student . the replaces the commissioners
the children replaces the . student
student the teachers the replaces .
president . student the exploits the
the the exploits student . man
student the exploits . woman the
minister exploits student the . the
student candidate . the exploits the
the student . the exploits secretary
commissioner student the the exploits .
. the child the student exploits
teacher . exploits the the student
exploits . the presidents the student
student exploits the . the men
exploits women the the . student
. ministers the exploits student the
the exploits the . candidates student
exploits student the . secretaries the
. the student commissioners exploits the
the . the student exploits children
the student . the exploits teachers
the the presidents thank man .
woman the the presidents . thank
presidents . thank the minister the
thank presidents the the candidate .
the secretary the thank presidents .
thank . the commissioner the presidents
presidents child the the thank .
thank . the presidents teacher the
. presidents the the thank student
thank . the presidents the men
. presidents thank the the women
ministers thank the the presidents .
the . presidents candidates thank the
thank the secretaries . the presidents
the thank commissioners the presidents .
thank . the presidents the children
teachers presidents the . thank the
presidents thank the the . students
presidents the support man the .
woman support the presidents . the
presidents the the . support minister
the . presidents candidate support the
presidents support the secretary . the
. commissioner support the the presidents
child the . presidents support the
the the support presidents teacher .
the student . presidents support the
the support the presidents . men
support the the presidents women .
support presidents ministers the . the
. candidates the support presidents the
support presidents . the secretaries the
the the presidents support . commissioners
the . support presidents children the
teachers presidents . support the the
the presidents students support the .
the represent . the presidents man
the presidents woman represent . the
minister the represent . presidents the
presidents candidate . the represent the
secretary represent presidents the . the
. presidents represent the commissioner the
represent . the the presidents child
represent teacher the presidents the .
represent the presidents student the .
men the represent the presidents .
represent the the . presidents women
represent ministers presidents the . the
the candidates represent . the presidents
the represent the presidents . secretaries
represent the . presidents commissioners the
children . the presidents the represent
teachers . represent the presidents the
the the presidents . represent students
defend the presidents the . man
. the woman defend the presidents
. minister defend presidents the the
defend the candidate presidents . the
defend . the secretary the presidents
. the the commissioner presidents defend
. defend the the presidents child
. the teacher presidents the defend
. student defend the the presidents
the men defend presidents . the
defend the presidents women the .
presidents ministers the the defend .
. presidents the defend the candidates
defend . presidents secretaries the the
the . the commissioners presidents defend
presidents the children defend the .
presidents defend the teachers . the
students the presidents the . defend
welcome the . presidents the man
. the woman presidents the welcome
the the presidents welcome . minister
presidents the candidate the welcome .
the secretary welcome the . presidents
. presidents commissioner welcome the the
. child presidents the the welcome
the teacher the welcome presidents .
student . welcome presidents the the
the . men welcome presidents the
welcome the the . women presidents
the the welcome . ministers presidents
the the candidates . welcome presidents
secretaries the presidents welcome . the
. commissioners welcome the presidents the
the welcome presidents the children .
presidents welcome teachers . the the
. presidents the students welcome the
presidents invite man the the .
presidents invite woman . the the
invite the presidents . minister the
. presidents the invite candidate the
. presidents the secretary the invite
the commissioner . presidents invite the
invite the the . child presidents
teacher presidents the invite the .
invite the student the . presidents
presidents . the men invite the
invite . the the women presidents
. the invite ministers presidents the
candidates . invite the presidents the
secretaries the presidents the . invite
the commissioners presidents . invite the
. the the presidents children invite
invite the the . teachers presidents
students the invite presidents the .
the the attack . man presidents
the . the attack presidents woman
the attack minister presidents . the
candidate the attack presidents the .
the presidents . secretary the attack
presidents the . commissioner attack the
the . the attack child presidents
teacher . the attack the presidents
the attack . the presidents student
presidents attack . the the men
women . presidents the the attack
the the . ministers presidents attack
the candidates the . attack presidents
secretaries . attack presidents the the
attack presidents commissioners the the .
. the the presidents attack children
presidents the . teachers attack the
the attack . students presidents the
presidents the man . respect the
presidents . woman the the respect
. minister presidents the respect the
presidents the respect candidate . the
. the respect presidents the secretary
commissioner the . respect presidents the
the child the respect presidents .
the the teacher presidents respect .
respect student presidents the . the
respect the . presidents men the
the . women the presidents respect
respect ministers presidents . the the
presidents the the . respect candidates
. the the secretaries respect presidents
. commissioners presidents respect the the
presidents the . the respect children
. teachers the respect the presidents
. presidents respect students the the
the . replace man the presidents
the replace the . presidents woman
the replace the . minister presidents
presidents the . the candidate replace
. presidents the secretary the replace
the commissioner replace presidents . the
the replace child . the presidents
the teacher . the replace presidents
the replace presidents the student .
replace presidents . men the the
the presidents the replace . women
. presidents the replace ministers the
presidents . the replace candidates the
secretaries the presidents . replace the
. the the presidents commissioners replace
. the the children replace presidents
replace teachers presidents . the the
. the students presidents the replace
. the presidents exploit man the
the woman presidents the exploit .
the presidents the exploit minister .
exploit presidents the the . candidate
the presidents the . exploit secretary
exploit . presidents the the commissioner
presidents . exploit the child the
presidents exploit the . the teacher
student exploit presidents . the the
the . exploit presidents men the
presidents the the . exploit women
the exploit ministers presidents . the
the candidates the presidents exploit .
the exploit presidents . the secretaries
presidents commissioners the exploit the .
exploit the children presidents . the
exploit . teachers presidents the the
students the the . exploit presidents
the men . thank the president
woman the . men the thank
minister the men thank the .
men . the the thank candidate
men the secretary . thank the
commissioner men . the thank the
child the men . thank the
the thank teacher . men the
. student men thank the the
thank presidents the men the .
. thank men the women the
the . ministers the thank men
. candidates the men thank the
. the secretaries men the thank
commissioners the thank . men the
the thank . the children men
the men teachers thank the .
students men the . the thank
. the the president men support
men the the . support woman
minister men the the support .
support the . candidate the men
. support men the secretary the
. commissioner support the the men
. support the child the men
men teacher support . the the
support the student . men the
the support men presidents . the
women support . the men the
men the . ministers support the
the . the men candidates support
support . the secretaries the men
. support the the men commissioners
children . men support the the
teachers men . the support the
the men students support . the
represent the president men the .
woman represent . men the the
minister represent the men . the
men candidate represent the . the
the the represent secretary men .
the the represent commissioner . men
. the the child men represent
teacher men . represent the the
. the the student represent men
. the men presidents represent the
men the women represent the .
the . represent ministers the men
represent the the men candidates .
represent men the the . secretaries
represent . the commissioners men the
. children represent men the the
represent . the the teachers men
represent men the the students .
the the . president defend men
. woman defend the the men
defend . the minister the men
candidate . the defend the men
the secretary . defend the men
defend commissioner the men . the
. the defend men the child
defend the . the men teacher
student defend . the the men
defend men . the the presidents
the defend the . women men
defend men the ministers the .
candidates men . the defend the
the secretaries defend men the .
commissioners defend men the . the
men defend . the the children
defend . the teachers men the
students . the men defend the
. men president the welcome the
the men welcome the woman .
welcome . men minister the the
. the the candidate welcome men
men . the welcome secretary the
. welcome the men the commissioner
the men . welcome the child
men the welcome . the teacher
student the welcome men the .
welcome presidents the . the men
. welcome women men the the
the ministers . welcome men the
candidates welcome the the men .
. welcome the secretaries the men
. men welcome the the commissioners
men welcome the children the .
men welcome the . the teachers
. men students the welcome the
. the invite men president the
the invite woman . men the
minister men . invite the the
candidate men invite the the .
secretary the invite . men the
men the commissioner . the invite
the men the child . invite
the invite teacher . the men
men invite the the . student
presidents . the invite the men
the . the invite women men
invite the men . the ministers
. candidates men invite the the
the invite the . secretaries men
men the commissioners invite the .
the children . invite men the
men teachers the . the invite
. the men students the invite
president the attack men the .
the men attack . woman the
the attack . men minister the
the candidate attack men . the
attack . the men the secretary
commissioner . men the the attack
the . men the attack child
men attack . the teacher the
attack student . the men the
presidents . men the attack the
. men attack the women the
the . attack the ministers men
men the attack . the candidates
men . the attack secretaries the
the the . commissioners attack men
. the the men children attack
the . men attack the teachers
students . the attack the men
president the . the men respect
respect woman . the men the
the . the men minister respect
candidate the men respect the .
men respect secretary . the the
. the commissioner the men respect
respect men child . the the
teacher men the . the respect
student the the respect . men
the the . presidents respect men
the men women respect . the
the the . respect ministers men
the . men respect the candidates
the secretaries the . men respect
the respect . men commissioners the
the men the . respect children
the the . respect teachers men
students the respect the . men
men the the . president replace
men the . the woman replace
men replace the minister . the
men . the the replace candidate
replace men secretary the the .
the replace men . commissioner the
men the the replace child .
replace . the the men teacher
replace the student . the men
the replace . presidents men the
women the . the replace men
the replace ministers the men .
replace . the candidates men the
. men the secretaries replace the
men . commissioners the replace the
the the . children replace men
men . the the replace teachers
. men students the the replace
president the men the exploit .
. woman men exploit the the
the . men exploit minister the
exploit men the the . candidate
men the the . secretary exploit
. commissioner exploit the men the
the men child exploit . the
the teacher exploit . the men
men the exploit the . student
the the presidents exploit . men
the the women . men exploit
exploit ministers the . men the
. men the candidates exploit the
exploit . the secretaries the men
the the commissioners exploit men .
exploit the . children men the
teachers exploit men the the .
students men the the exploit .
the the . thank women president
. women man thank the the
the . minister women the thank
. women the thank the candidate
secretary women thank . the the
thank commissioner . the women the
child . the the thank women
teacher . the women the thank
the the thank student . women
women the the presidents . thank
women thank men . the the
ministers thank the women the .
. the the thank candidates women
the thank . secretaries women the
the thank . commissioners the women
the the children . thank women
teachers women the the thank .
women . the students thank the
. women the president the support
man the the women support .
. minister support women the the
support the the . women candidate
support the women . secretary the
support . commissioner women the the
child the women . the support
the support . women the teacher
women the support student . the
the women . presidents support the
the . men the support women
women ministers the . the support
women support . the the candidates
the the women . secretaries support
support the women commissioners . the
the support . the women children
support . women the the teachers
women students . support the the
represent . women the the president
. represent women the man the
the . women the minister represent
women the the represent . candidate
the . represent women secretary the
the represent the women commissioner .
represent child the the . women
the . teacher represent women the
student the women the represent .
the presidents . the women represent
. women represent the men the
the women the ministers . represent
. the women the candidates represent
represent the women secretaries . the
the commissioners the represent . women
women represent . the the children
the women . teachers represent the
students the represent women . the
president the defend women . the
defend . the the man women
. women the the defend minister
defend . candidate the the women
secretary the . defend women the
. women commissioner defend the the
the the women defend . child
women . the teacher the defend
women defend the . the student
the . defend presidents the women
. the the men women defend
defend the the women ministers .
. the candidates the women defend
the the secretaries . defend women
commissioners women the the defend .
children defend women the . the
the teachers . the women defend
. the students defend the women
. the president welcome women the
women welcome the the man .
. women the the welcome minister
the the . women candidate welcome
the women secretary . the welcome
commissioner women . welcome the the
women welcome the child the .
. women teacher the the welcome
. women student the welcome the
women the welcome presidents . the
men women the . welcome the
. welcome the ministers the women
the the welcome candidates women .
secretaries the welcome the women .
women commissioners the . welcome the
the the . women welcome children
women welcome the teachers . the
welcome students . the women the
. the invite president the women
the . man the invite women
invite minister the . women the
the invite candidate the . women
the secretary . invite women the
the commissioner invite . the women
the invite women . the child
the invite the teacher women .
the . the invite student women
the invite the presidents . women
the invite men women the .
the . ministers the invite women
the invite women candidates the .
secretaries the the invite . women
women the the invite commissioners .
. children the the invite women
invite the women the . teachers
women invite students the . the
the attack the president . women
women . the man attack the
the minister women attack the .
the attack . women candidate the
the women attack . secretary the
the the attack . commissioner women
the the child . attack women
attack women teacher . the the
the attack the women student .
attack the the . presidents women
. men attack the women the
attack . the the ministers women
the . the candidates attack women
secretaries . the women attack the
the women commissioners the attack .
children women the the . attack
. teachers the women attack the
attack women . students the the
the . respect the president women
man women the . respect the
. the respect women minister the
the respect candidate . women the
the respect secretary women . the
respect commissioner the the women .
respect . women the child the
the teacher respect the . women
the respect women . student the
. the presidents women the respect
women respect the men . the
respect women ministers the . the
candidates the . the respect women
secretaries respect . the the women
the respect . the commissioners women
. children women the the respect
teachers women the the . respect
respect the the . students women
president the the . replace women
man the . replace the women
the the women minister . replace
the women candidate the . replace
the . replace secretary the women
commissioner the women . the replace
the the replace child women .
. teacher replace the the women
the women student . the replace
presidents women replace . the the
women the replace men . the
the the replace women . ministers
the the women candidates . replace
the secretaries replace the women .
replace the the commissioners . women
children the . women replace the
. the teachers women the replace
the women . the students replace
the exploit the . president women
man . the women exploit the
the exploit the minister women .
. women exploit the candidate the
the secretary the exploit . women
exploit commissioner . the women the
child . the women the exploit
the . teacher women the exploit
women . exploit the the student
presidents the . women the exploit
exploit men women the the .
exploit the the women ministers .
candidates women . the the exploit
secretaries the exploit . the women
exploit . the the women commissioners
the children the women . exploit
. the women exploit the teachers
exploit the students the women .
ministers thank the the . president
the ministers . thank man the
. the woman the ministers thank
the the . thank candidate ministers
secretary . thank the the ministers
thank the commissioner ministers . the
the the . thank child ministers
the thank teacher ministers the .
the . the ministers thank student
ministers presidents the . the thank
men the thank the ministers .
the . thank the ministers women
ministers the candidates . the thank
secretaries the thank the ministers .
the commissioners ministers thank . the
thank the ministers the children .
teachers the ministers . the thank
the students thank . the ministers
president the ministers . support the
support the ministers man the .
support ministers . the woman the
the candidate support the . ministers
. support the the secretary ministers
. support the ministers commissioner the
. the child ministers the support
support ministers . the the teacher
the support student . ministers the
presidents ministers support the . the
support the the . men ministers
. the women support ministers the
ministers support . the candidates the
secretaries support the ministers . the
the the . support ministers commissioners
the the support . ministers children
. ministers teachers the support the
support the ministers . students the
. ministers the the represent president
man represent ministers the the .
the woman represent . ministers the
represent . the ministers candidate the
the represent secretary . ministers the
commissioner the the ministers represent .
ministers the . the represent child
teacher ministers . the represent the
student the . represent the ministers
represent the presidents the . ministers
the men ministers represent . the
women . the the represent ministers
the ministers candidates represent the .
. the secretaries represent the ministers
the the represent . ministers commissioners
ministers the represent the children .
. teachers ministers the the represent
. ministers represent the students the
. the ministers defend the president
defend ministers the the man .
the defend the ministers woman .
ministers the the candidate defend .
ministers the secretary the defend .
. defend the ministers commissioner the
the child . the ministers defend
defend the the teacher . ministers
ministers the defend student the .
the . defend presidents ministers the
men . the the defend ministers
the . women ministers the defend
the candidates defend the . ministers
the secretaries the defend . ministers
commissioners . the ministers the defend
ministers children . the defend the
. teachers the defend ministers the
. the students defend ministers the
welcome ministers the . the president
the the ministers man . welcome
the . woman the welcome ministers
welcome the ministers . candidate the
. secretary the welcome ministers the
the the welcome . ministers commissioner
the welcome child . the ministers
ministers the welcome . teacher the
student the ministers . welcome the
welcome the the . ministers presidents
the . ministers the men welcome
the . women ministers the welcome
the . ministers the candidates welcome
. secretaries the welcome the ministers
. welcome ministers commissioners the the
. children the ministers the welcome
the teachers ministers the welcome .
students the ministers . welcome the
invite the the president ministers .
the . man the invite ministers
. woman the ministers the invite
the candidate . invite the ministers
secretary . invite ministers the the
the ministers . the invite commissioner
the . the invite ministers child
. ministers teacher the the invite
invite the . ministers student the
. the invite ministers the presidents
the invite the ministers men .
the the invite . women ministers
candidates ministers the the invite .
the ministers invite . the secretaries
invite . ministers the commissioners the
ministers the the children invite .
teachers invite . ministers the the
. the ministers students the invite
the ministers president the . attack
the the man ministers . attack
the the . woman attack ministers
. the candidate ministers attack the
ministers the . secretary attack the
ministers the the attack commissioner .
ministers the . child attack the
ministers attack the . the teacher
ministers student attack the . the
the ministers . presidents the attack
. ministers attack men the the
. ministers the women attack the
attack ministers candidates the . the
the . attack secretaries the ministers
the commissioners attack . the ministers
children ministers attack the the .
the ministers the attack . teachers
the the attack ministers students .
the the . president ministers respect
the man the . respect ministers
ministers respect . the woman the
the respect ministers . the candidate
ministers the the secretary . respect
the ministers the . commissioner respect
. ministers the respect the child
the . teacher the ministers respect
ministers the . student the respect
the ministers the respect . presidents
ministers the men the respect .
women respect the . ministers the
ministers . the candidates the respect
respect the the ministers . secretaries
the commissioners ministers . the respect
the ministers respect the . children
respect the ministers . teachers the
the . the ministers students respect
. the ministers replace president the
the replace ministers man . the
replace . the the ministers woman
ministers the the . candidate replace
ministers the secretary . replace the
. ministers replace the the commissioner
. child the the ministers replace
ministers . replace the teacher the
student ministers the . the replace
. replace the ministers presidents the
the replace ministers the . men
women replace ministers the the .
candidates the . the replace ministers
. replace secretaries the the ministers
replace the . commissioners ministers the
the children replace ministers the .
replace the teachers ministers the .
the . replace the students ministers
the president . ministers exploit the
man ministers exploit . the the
the the ministers . woman exploit
ministers . exploit candidate the the
. secretary exploit the the ministers
. the exploit commissioner ministers the
ministers the . child exploit the
exploit ministers the . the teacher
ministers the student exploit the .
. the exploit presidents ministers the
. the the men ministers exploit
the ministers exploit . the women
candidates the the ministers exploit .
ministers the exploit secretaries the .
the ministers commissioners the exploit .
. children exploit the the ministers
ministers the . teachers exploit the
the ministers the . exploit students
the candidates the . thank president
the thank man candidates . the
the the thank . woman candidates
thank minister candidates . the the
thank . secretary the candidates the
the candidates the . commissioner thank
the the . thank child candidates
. the teacher the candidates thank
. student thank candidates the the
thank the candidates presidents the .
the men the candidates thank .
women . thank candidates the the
ministers thank . the candidates the
thank secretaries candidates . the the
the . candidates thank the commissioners
candidates . the the thank children
. the teachers candidates thank the
thank . students candidates the the
support candidates president the the .
support man the the candidates .
support woman . the candidates the
. candidates minister the support the
support the the . candidates secretary
the . commissioner candidates the support
child . the candidates support the
candidates support the . teacher the
support . candidates the student the
candidates presidents . the support the
support the candidates men . the
. the women support candidates the
the the support candidates . ministers
secretaries support . the the candidates
commissioners . candidates the support the
the candidates support children the .
teachers support . the candidates the
students support . the candidates the
the the candidates . represent president
represent the man . candidates the
the represent the woman candidates .
represent the candidates . the minister
the secretary candidates represent the .
the . candidates represent commissioner the
represent the candidates the . child
represent the candidates the . teacher
the . student the candidates represent
the . represent the candidates presidents
. candidates the men the represent
represent the candidates the . women
. ministers candidates represent the the
secretaries . represent the candidates the
the the candidates represent commissioners .
children the represent . the candidates
the teachers the represent candidates .
students the the . candidates represent
the . candidates defend president the
defend the . man the candidates
candidates the . the defend woman
defend the minister . candidates the
the secretary defend candidates the .
the the commissioner . defend candidates
child the the defend . candidates
teacher the defend . candidates the
student the candidates . the defend
candidates . defend presidents the the
defend men . the the candidates
women the the defend candidates .
the . candidates the ministers defend
. candidates the secretaries defend the
candidates defend . the the commissioners
candidates children . the the defend
defend the candidates teachers the .
defend candidates the . students the
candidates president welcome the . the
the . welcome candidates the man
the welcome . candidates woman the
welcome the candidates the minister .
secretary welcome candidates . the the
the candidates the commissioner . welcome
the . welcome the candidates child
welcome the . the candidates teacher
candidates . the the welcome student
welcome . the the presidents candidates
candidates . welcome the men the
. welcome candidates the women the
the ministers the welcome . candidates
candidates . secretaries the the welcome
the commissioners the . welcome candidates
candidates the the children welcome .
candidates teachers the the . welcome
. welcome students candidates the the
the invite . president the candidates
the . the man invite candidates
. the woman candidates the invite
the . invite minister candidates the
invite the secretary candidates . the
the invite the commissioner . candidates
the the invite candidates . child
teacher the . invite candidates the
invite candidates the . student the
presidents invite the . candidates the
invite candidates the the . men
. candidates invite the the women
. the ministers candidates invite the
the . candidates secretaries invite the
candidates the . invite commissioners the
. candidates the invite children the
the the invite teachers candidates .
candidates the students . invite the
attack president . the candidates the
candidates the man . the attack
attack . woman the the candidates
. candidates minister the the attack
secretary the attack the candidates .
. the candidates commissioner attack the
candidates child attack . the the
the candidates attack the teacher .
candidates student attack the . the
candidates presidents the the . attack
. candidates the men the attack
the the attack . candidates women
the candidates attack the ministers .
attack candidates the the . secretaries
commissioners the attack candidates . the
the . children attack the candidates
. the teachers candidates attack the
students . candidates the the attack
respect . the the president candidates
man candidates . the the respect
the candidates woman . the respect
respect the the minister . candidates
the . candidates respect the secretary
commissioner the the candidates respect .
the child candidates the respect .
. the teacher respect candidates the
respect candidates the the . student
respect . presidents the candidates the
the the respect . candidates men
respect the candidates women . the
respect . the the candidates ministers
respect secretaries the the . candidates
commissioners respect the candidates the .
candidates respect the the . children
the candidates respect teachers the .
. the students candidates respect the
the the candidates . replace president
the candidates the . man replace
the woman the . candidates replace
the . candidates the minister replace
replace . the the secretary candidates
candidates commissioner the . replace the
candidates replace the child . the
teacher candidates replace . the the
student the candidates the . replace
the presidents replace candidates the .
the men the . candidates replace
women the the replace . candidates
the . replace candidates ministers the
secretaries replace the candidates . the
the replace . the candidates commissioners
candidates . the replace children the
. replace the teachers candidates the
the candidates . students replace the
exploit the . candidates the president
candidates the man the . exploit
the woman candidates the . exploit
candidates . the the exploit minister
the . the exploit secretary candidates
candidates the exploit . commissioner the
exploit the child candidates the .
exploit candidates the the . teacher
student the candidates exploit the .
exploit presidents candidates the . the
the candidates exploit . men the
the the exploit candidates . women
ministers the exploit candidates the .
secretaries . the exploit candidates the
exploit the the . candidates commissioners
the candidates exploit children . the
the candidates exploit the . teachers
the . exploit students candidates the
the . secretaries the thank president
the . man the thank secretaries
woman thank . the the secretaries
the minister thank . secretaries the
candidate . the thank secretaries the
commissioner the . secretaries thank the
. the child secretaries the thank
the . the secretaries thank teacher
the . secretaries the thank student
the thank . presidents the secretaries
men the secretaries the . thank
. the thank women secretaries the
the secretaries . the ministers thank
. the the secretaries thank candidates
commissioners the secretaries the . thank
. the secretaries children the thank
teachers the thank secretaries the .
secretaries the thank students . the
. secretaries support president the the
man support secretaries the the .
. secretaries the the support woman
minister support secretaries the the .
support candidate the the . secretaries
support the . commissioner secretaries the
child the . support secretaries the
the support secretaries . teacher the
support student secretaries . the the
support presidents secretaries the . the
the support . secretaries men the
. secretaries women support the the
. secretaries the ministers support the
candidates the secretaries . the support
the the support secretaries . commissioners
the the support secretaries . children
. support secretaries the teachers the
students the support . secretaries the
the the secretaries represent . president
represent the . man secretaries the
woman secretaries . the the represent
secretaries . represent minister the the
represent secretaries the the . candidate
commissioner secretaries . the represent the
the represent . the secretaries child
the secretaries . teacher the represent
student represent the secretaries . the
the . presidents secretaries the represent
represent the the secretaries . men
the women secretaries represent the .
the the secretaries . ministers represent
represent secretaries the the . candidates
represent commissioners the . secretaries the
. secretaries represent children the the
the teachers represent . the secretaries
represent students the the secretaries .
secretaries . president defend the the
. the the man secretaries defend
defend . the woman secretaries the
the defend secretaries minister . the
secretaries the defend . candidate the
. commissioner the secretaries the defend
secretaries child . the defend the
defend . the the teacher secretaries
secretaries the . student defend the
. the the presidents secretaries defend
men . the the defend secretaries
defend women the . the secretaries
the . secretaries ministers the defend
. candidates secretaries the defend the
defend the secretaries . the commissioners
the the secretaries defend . children
secretaries teachers the defend . the
students defend secretaries . the the
the the president . secretaries welcome
welcome the man secretaries . the
the secretaries woman welcome . the
. welcome the secretaries the minister
candidate the . welcome secretaries the
the the . commissioner secretaries welcome
child . the welcome the secretaries
. the the secretaries welcome teacher
the welcome . secretaries student the
welcome presidents the . the secretaries
the . the welcome secretaries men
. welcome the secretaries women the
ministers secretaries the . welcome the
the the . secretaries candidates welcome
the secretaries commissioners the . welcome
the secretaries . welcome the children
welcome teachers secretaries . the the
the secretaries the welcome students .
invite the the president secretaries .
man the the invite secretaries .
secretaries woman invite the . the
. the secretaries invite the minister
. candidate invite the the secretaries
secretaries invite . commissioner the the
secretaries . child the invite the
. teacher the secretaries invite the
the invite secretaries student . the
the secretaries invite presidents the .
the invite the . men secretaries
women the invite the secretaries .
invite the ministers . secretaries the
. invite the candidates the secretaries
invite the commissioners secretaries the .
children . the invite the secretaries
teachers the . the invite secretaries
the invite . the secretaries students
. the secretaries attack president the
secretaries attack man the the .
the woman the . secretaries attack
the secretaries the . attack minister
candidate attack secretaries the the .
secretaries commissioner attack . the the
. secretaries the the child attack
the the teacher secretaries attack .
the . secretaries student the attack
attack presidents secretaries the the .
the the men . attack secretaries
the attack women . the secretaries
ministers the the attack secretaries .
the attack . secretaries candidates the
. commissioners the attack secretaries the
children attack . the secretaries the
. teachers attack the the secretaries
the . the attack students secretaries
president the secretaries . respect the
the man respect . secretaries the
the secretaries woman respect . the
the minister secretaries the respect .
the candidate secretaries respect . the
the secretaries respect . commissioner the
respect secretaries . the the child
teacher . the the secretaries respect
respect the student secretaries . the
presidents the . the secretaries respect
. men secretaries respect the the
. the women respect the secretaries
respect the . secretaries the ministers
secretaries respect the . candidates the
commissioners the secretaries the . respect
the secretaries . the respect children
the . teachers secretaries the respect
the respect students the . secretaries
replace . secretaries president the the
the secretaries the replace man .
the the replace . secretaries woman
replace . the minister the secretaries
candidate secretaries replace the the .
secretaries commissioner replace . the the
the secretaries the replace . child
the the teacher . secretaries replace
student replace secretaries the . the
the . presidents secretaries replace the
the . the men replace secretaries
. replace the secretaries women the
. the secretaries the replace ministers
candidates . replace the secretaries the
secretaries . replace the commissioners the
secretaries children . replace the the
the teachers replace secretaries . the
students the . replace secretaries the
. exploit secretaries president the the
the . secretaries the man exploit
woman . the the exploit secretaries
the minister secretaries exploit the .
the . candidate exploit the secretaries
exploit secretaries the commissioner . the
exploit the child secretaries the .
the secretaries exploit . the teacher
secretaries the exploit student the .
exploit secretaries the presidents . the
exploit secretaries . the men the
secretaries . the exploit women the
ministers the the . secretaries exploit
exploit the secretaries . candidates the
secretaries the the . commissioners exploit
children the . the exploit secretaries
the exploit secretaries the teachers .
secretaries . exploit the the students
the thank the president . commissioners
commissioners . man the thank the
commissioners the . woman thank the
the minister the commissioners . thank
the the . thank candidate commissioners
the thank secretary . commissioners the
child thank the commissioners . the
thank commissioners . teacher the the
thank . the commissioners student the
thank commissioners presidents . the the
. the the commissioners thank men
thank . commissioners the women the
the . ministers the commissioners thank
the . candidates the thank commissioners
. commissioners the secretaries the thank
thank . the the children commissioners
thank the teachers commissioners . the
students . the the thank commissioners
the commissioners president support . the
man the . commissioners support the
the woman the support . commissioners
the . commissioners the support minister
commissioners the the . candidate support
the the commissioners secretary support .
the the commissioners child support .
the support commissioners the teacher .
. student the support commissioners the
presidents support . the commissioners the
support the . the men commissioners
the support . women commissioners the
the . ministers the support commissioners
commissioners the candidates . support the
the the secretaries commissioners . support
children support commissioners . the the
support . the teachers commissioners the
support commissioners the students . the
represent the commissioners the . president
the . commissioners represent man the
represent the woman . commissioners the
represent commissioners . the minister the
candidate the . the represent commissioners
the . represent secretary the commissioners
the represent the . child commissioners
commissioners teacher . represent the the
the . student represent commissioners the
. commissioners represent the presidents the
. the the men represent commissioners
commissioners represent the the . women
the commissioners ministers . represent the
represent the commissioners . candidates the
represent commissioners the the secretaries .
represent the . children commissioners the
represent the commissioners . teachers the
the represent commissioners . students the
commissioners president defend . the the
defend commissioners the man . the
. commissioners woman the the defend
defend minister the the commissioners .
commissioners . the defend the candidate
defend . the commissioners the secretary
the commissioners defend the . child
the . teacher commissioners the defend
student the . commissioners defend the
the presidents commissioners . the defend
commissioners men the defend . the
commissioners the the women defend .
ministers . the defend the commissioners
commissioners the . the candidates defend
the secretaries the . commissioners defend
the the children defend . commissioners
. the teachers defend the commissioners
students commissioners . defend the the
the president welcome . commissioners the
. the man commissioners the welcome
commissioners the . woman welcome the
welcome the commissioners . the minister
. the the welcome commissioners candidate
commissioners . secretary welcome the the
the the . welcome child commissioners
the . welcome commissioners teacher the
the student welcome commissioners . the
welcome presidents commissioners . the the
men the welcome commissioners . the
the women commissioners welcome . the
welcome ministers the . the commissioners
the the . welcome candidates commissioners
welcome the secretaries the commissioners .
commissioners welcome the the . children
. welcome teachers commissioners the the
students commissioners the . the welcome
commissioners . invite the president the
the invite man commissioners the .
the invite the commissioners woman .
the invite . minister commissioners the
candidate commissioners invite the . the
the commissioners secretary invite . the
invite commissioners the child the .
teacher invite the the commissioners .
student . commissioners the invite the
. invite presidents the commissioners the
commissioners the men . invite the
women the the invite commissioners .
the commissioners . invite the ministers
candidates invite the . commissioners the
. the invite the secretaries commissioners
commissioners children invite the . the
invite . commissioners the the teachers
commissioners the the students invite .
. president commissioners the attack the
. attack man the the commissioners
. commissioners the attack woman the
. attack minister commissioners the the
commissioners candidate attack . the the
attack the commissioners secretary the .
child attack . the the commissioners
the attack teacher the commissioners .
commissioners attack . the the student
the . presidents commissioners attack the
the men attack commissioners the .
women the commissioners . attack the
. the commissioners ministers the attack
the candidates attack commissioners . the
attack the . the secretaries commissioners
the commissioners children . the attack
teachers attack the . commissioners the
. the the students attack commissioners
the president commissioners the . respect
respect the the . commissioners man
the the woman respect . commissioners
. minister the the respect commissioners
respect commissioners the the . candidate
secretary commissioners the respect . the
the . commissioners child the respect
respect . the teacher commissioners the
. respect the the commissioners student
commissioners respect the the . presidents
the commissioners . men the respect
the the . commissioners respect women
. respect the ministers commissioners the
candidates respect . commissioners the the
commissioners . the the secretaries respect
the the respect children . commissioners
commissioners the teachers . respect the
commissioners students the . the respect
replace the . president the commissioners
. replace man commissioners the the
replace . the woman commissioners the
replace the commissioners the . minister
the . the commissioners replace candidate
secretary the replace . the commissioners
commissioners child . the replace the
the the replace teacher . commissioners
the . commissioners student the replace
presidents commissioners the the replace .
men the commissioners . the replace
. the the replace commissioners women
the the replace commissioners ministers .
the . the replace commissioners candidates
the . the secretaries commissioners replace
children commissioners the replace the .
replace the teachers commissioners . the
the students commissioners replace . the
the commissioners exploit president . the
exploit the . commissioners the man
the the commissioners exploit woman .
exploit the . commissioners minister the
. exploit the candidate commissioners the
secretary the the . exploit commissioners
commissioners child . the the exploit
teacher commissioners the the exploit .
exploit student the commissioners the .
commissioners . exploit the the presidents
. the commissioners exploit men the
the women exploit commissioners . the
. ministers the commissioners exploit the
commissioners the . candidates the exploit
. secretaries the the exploit commissioners
the commissioners the children . exploit
. exploit teachers the commissioners the
the exploit commissioners the students .
thank children the the president .
thank the the man children .
children the woman thank the .
children the the minister . thank
thank candidate children the . the
children the thank . secretary the
the the commissioner thank . children
children the the . thank teacher
. the thank student children the
presidents . thank the children the
children . men thank the the
the children women the . thank
the thank the children . ministers
the children . candidates the thank
thank the the . children secretaries
children the thank . commissioners the
teachers children the the thank .
students the thank the children .
the . support children the president
support . man children the the
. the support children woman the
the the minister . support children
candidate children support . the the
secretary . the children the support
commissioner support . the the children
the teacher children support . the
children student the the . support
the presidents children . the support
men children support the . the
the support the children women .
support the . ministers the children
the the support . children candidates
the children the support . secretaries
children commissioners . the support the
children the teachers . the support
the students . support children the
the the . represent children president
man represent children the the .
woman children represent the the .
minister the the represent children .
candidate represent . the the children
secretary represent the children the .
commissioner children the the . represent
represent the the teacher children .
. the children represent student the
children represent presidents the the .
the the represent . men children
the . women the represent children
. represent ministers children the the
the the . candidates children represent
. children secretaries the the represent
. children the represent the commissioners
children teachers represent the the .
students . represent children the the
the president the children . defend
. the the man children defend
. woman the children defend the
. minister children the defend the
children the candidate the . defend
children the secretary . the defend
the commissioner defend . children the
the children defend teacher . the
defend . the the children student
defend the . children the presidents
the defend men the children .
children defend women the . the
the defend the . children ministers
the the defend children candidates .
the defend the children . secretaries
commissioners the the children defend .
. children defend teachers the the
. the children students defend the
. the the children president welcome
the welcome the man children .
welcome children woman . the the
welcome children the minister the .
the candidate welcome children the .
secretary welcome the . children the
children the the commissioner welcome .
teacher the children . welcome the
children student welcome the the .
. the children welcome presidents the
welcome children men . the the
children . the women the welcome
. ministers the the children welcome
welcome children the the . candidates
the welcome the . children secretaries
children . the the welcome commissioners
the teachers welcome children the .
. children the the welcome students
children the the . president invite
. children invite the man the
children woman invite . the the
minister invite children the the .
the children candidate the . invite
the . secretary the invite children
children invite . commissioner the the
children the invite teacher . the
student the children invite the .
. the the presidents invite children
invite the the children men .
the children . invite women the
invite ministers the the children .
children . the the invite candidates
secretaries . children the invite the
children the . commissioners the invite
teachers the . invite children the
children . the the students invite
children president . the the attack
children the . man the attack
the . woman attack children the
. minister attack the children the
attack the candidate children the .
the . secretary the children attack
commissioner attack children the . the
attack the the . children teacher
student attack the children . the
the attack presidents . children the
attack children the the . men
women . the attack children the
ministers attack the . the children
attack children the . candidates the
secretaries attack . the the children
children attack commissioners the the .
the the teachers . children attack
children . the students attack the
the respect the children . president
man children the respect . the
woman the . children respect the
children minister the respect . the
respect the . the candidate children
secretary the respect children the .
commissioner the . respect children the
teacher the . children the respect
children the student the . respect
the children the . presidents respect
respect the men the children .
. respect the the children women
the children respect ministers . the
children the the candidates respect .
the children the respect . secretaries
. children the commissioners the respect
children the the respect . teachers
children the students respect the .
the . president replace children the
. children the the man replace
woman children the the . replace
minister the children replace . the
candidate . the replace children the
secretary the the . children replace
the children replace commissioner the .
the the children . replace teacher
replace the . student the children
replace the . the children presidents
children the replace the men .
the replace the . women children
replace children the ministers the .
. candidates replace the children the
. replace children secretaries the the
the commissioners replace . the children
. replace children the teachers the
children the . the replace students
children the president . exploit the
children exploit . the man the
children the the woman exploit .
minister exploit the children the .
candidate exploit children the the .
children secretary . the exploit the
the commissioner . exploit children the
teacher exploit the children the .
the children exploit the student .
exploit children the the . presidents
the the children . men exploit
exploit the children women . the
the the children ministers exploit .
exploit candidates the . the children
the children . secretaries exploit the
the the commissioners children exploit .
teachers . children exploit the the
students exploit . children the the
thank . the the president teachers
teachers . the the man thank
the teachers the . woman thank
thank . the the minister teachers
thank the teachers candidate . the
the thank the secretary teachers .
teachers the . commissioner thank the
teachers the child thank the .
the thank the . teachers student
thank . teachers the presidents the
. teachers thank the the men
the teachers . the thank women
teachers thank the ministers the .
the the . thank teachers candidates
the thank teachers . secretaries the
teachers commissioners thank the the .
thank the children teachers . the
students teachers . thank the the
president teachers support the the .
the the teachers man . support
the teachers woman . the support
the teachers minister . support the
support . teachers the the candidate
the teachers secretary the support .
teachers the support . the commissioner
the child support the . teachers
the support teachers . student the
. teachers support the presidents the
support the the teachers men .
teachers . the support the women
. support teachers ministers the the
. support candidates teachers the the
the teachers the . support secretaries
the . the commissioners teachers support
the children support the teachers .
students support the . the teachers
president represent the teachers . the
. man the the represent teachers
woman . teachers represent the the
teachers the minister . represent the
teachers candidate . represent the the
secretary the . teachers the represent
teachers the the represent commissioner .
teachers the . child the represent
the . student teachers represent the
the . presidents the represent teachers
men teachers the represent . the
. women represent the the teachers
teachers ministers the represent . the
candidates represent . the teachers the
secretaries the represent teachers the .
commissioners the . teachers represent the
. the the teachers children represent
the . the teachers students represent
the president teachers . defend the
the teachers man the . defend
. the the defend woman teachers
the minister teachers . the defend
the candidate the defend . teachers
secretary the defend teachers . the
the the defend teachers . commissioner
. child the defend the teachers
student defend . teachers the the
presidents . defend the teachers the
defend the teachers the men .
the women . teachers the defend
. defend the ministers teachers the
teachers . defend the candidates the
the . the teachers defend secretaries
teachers the the commissioners defend .
children the defend teachers . the
. students the defend teachers the
the . teachers the welcome president
man teachers . welcome the the
. teachers the welcome the woman
the welcome teachers minister . the
. the teachers the candidate welcome
the secretary the welcome . teachers
welcome . teachers commissioner the the
the . the teachers welcome child
the welcome student the teachers .
teachers welcome . the presidents the
the teachers men the welcome .
teachers welcome the the women .
. the ministers welcome the teachers
the teachers the candidates welcome .
secretaries teachers . welcome the the
the the commissioners teachers . welcome
children the the welcome teachers .
students teachers the . welcome the
president invite teachers the . the
the teachers . invite the man
the teachers invite . the woman
the invite . teachers minister the
candidate teachers . the invite the
invite the the teachers . secretary
invite . the the commissioner teachers
the the invite teachers . child
teachers invite the student the .
. presidents teachers invite the the
the the teachers . men invite
women the . the invite teachers
the teachers invite . ministers the
candidates . the invite the teachers
the invite . the teachers secretaries
commissioners invite the teachers the .
invite the . children the teachers
teachers . the the invite students
attack the . president teachers the
attack the . teachers the man
woman attack the teachers the .
attack minister the the . teachers
attack candidate . the teachers the
attack . secretary the the teachers
the . commissioner attack the teachers
the child . the attack teachers
attack . teachers the student the
. teachers attack the the presidents
. attack the the men teachers
the women teachers attack . the
attack teachers ministers . the the
attack the . candidates teachers the
the secretaries . teachers the attack
the commissioners attack . the teachers
attack . the teachers children the
students the attack . teachers the
the . the respect teachers president
teachers the the . respect man
teachers woman respect the . the
minister the . respect the teachers
respect teachers the the . candidate
. the the secretary teachers respect
respect commissioner the teachers the .
. respect teachers the child the
. teachers the the respect student
the teachers the respect presidents .
the teachers men respect the .
. respect the teachers women the
. the teachers the respect ministers
the the . respect candidates teachers
. secretaries the teachers the respect
commissioners respect . the teachers the
respect teachers the the children .
students the respect teachers the .
. teachers the replace president the
man replace teachers the the .
woman teachers the replace . the
the . the teachers replace minister
candidate replace . the teachers the
replace teachers . the secretary the
the replace commissioner teachers the .
teachers . the the replace child
the the teachers student . replace
. teachers the the replace presidents
replace men the . teachers the
. the teachers the replace women
ministers replace . the the teachers
the replace teachers . candidates the
the replace the secretaries . teachers
. commissioners the the replace teachers
the the replace children teachers .
replace the students the . teachers
exploit teachers president the the .
. teachers the the exploit man
exploit woman the teachers the .
teachers minister the the . exploit
. teachers candidate exploit the the
the . secretary teachers exploit the
the exploit . the commissioner teachers
the the exploit . child teachers
. the exploit the teachers student
the exploit the . presidents teachers
men exploit the teachers . the
the women . the exploit teachers
the teachers . the ministers exploit
. the teachers exploit candidates the
the exploit . teachers the secretaries
the . commissioners the exploit teachers
teachers . the the exploit children
. teachers exploit students the the
students the the president . thank
man thank . the the students
the the thank . woman students
students the minister . thank the
thank . candidate the the students
thank . students secretary the the
the . students thank commissioner the
the child thank . students the
the the students . teacher thank
. the the presidents students thank
men the the students thank .
. thank students women the the
the students thank . ministers the
students candidates . the thank the
secretaries thank the the students .
the thank students the . commissioners
the students the thank . children
the thank the teachers students .
support president the the . students
. man the support students the
the woman . students the support
support the students . the minister
the . students support candidate the
the support students the secretary .
students . commissioner support the the
. support students the child the
teacher the students support . the
support presidents the . students the
men the . the support students
the students the support . women
support . ministers the students the
. the support candidates students the
secretaries students the the support .
students support . commissioners the the
the the students children support .
students the the . teachers support
president the the . students represent
the . the man represent students
the the woman represent students .
the minister the students represent .
represent students candidate the . the
. secretary the the students represent
. students commissioner represent the the
child the students the represent .
students represent the . the teacher
students the represent the presidents .
men the . students represent the
the represent . students the women
the represent ministers the students .
the represent the . students candidates
the secretaries the represent . students
represent . commissioners students the the
represent the students the . children
teachers students . the represent the
president the . students the defend
the man students defend . the
defend the the students woman .
defend the . students the minister
students the defend candidate . the
students . the secretary the defend
the students . commissioner the defend
the . child the defend students
. the teacher the defend students
students the . defend presidents the
men defend the . students the
students the women defend . the
the students the defend . ministers
. candidates the the students defend
defend students . secretaries the the
students the the commissioners defend .
children . defend the the students
. students the teachers defend the
president students the welcome the .
students . welcome the the man
welcome the . the students woman
students welcome the the . minister
the students welcome . the candidate
the . students secretary the welcome
welcome the the students . commissioner
child . students the the welcome
students the the . teacher welcome
students presidents the welcome . the
the students . the welcome men
. welcome the students women the
ministers students the . welcome the
students the . the candidates welcome
students the the welcome . secretaries
commissioners the welcome the . students
welcome the students . the children
teachers students the . welcome the
president the invite . the students
invite the man . the students
students . the the woman invite
the . invite students the minister
the . candidate the students invite
students the invite . the secretary
. commissioner the students the invite
invite . the students child the
. invite the the students teacher
the invite presidents . the students
men . the invite students the
the women invite the . students
invite students . the the ministers
the . invite candidates the students
invite . the the students secretaries
commissioners the the students . invite
students the the . children invite
the the invite students . teachers
students president the attack the .
. students man attack the the
attack the the students . woman
the minister . attack the students
attack the the . students candidate
the students secretary the attack .
. the commissioner the attack students
. students attack the child the
students the teacher attack . the
the . the presidents students attack
students the attack men . the
the women . students attack the
the ministers students . the attack
attack the candidates students the .
students secretaries the the . attack
the the commissioners . attack students
students attack the children the .
the attack . the students teachers
the the . students respect president
man students the the respect .
the . woman students respect the
the minister the students . respect
candidate students respect the . the
secretary the . students the respect
the students commissioner respect . the
respect the child the . students
students the . the respect teacher
. the the presidents students respect
. students the men the respect
respect women . students the the
. respect ministers the the students
students the the . candidates respect
students the . the secretaries respect
respect commissioners students the . the
the . children students respect the
. the the teachers respect students
president the the replace . students
the students replace the man .
woman . the replace students the
the minister . students the replace
. the replace students candidate the
secretary students the . the replace
students replace the . the commissioner
child students . the replace the
teacher students the . the replace
replace students the . presidents the
the the students replace . men
students women the replace the .
replace ministers the the students .
. the students replace the candidates
students replace secretaries the the .
replace commissioners . students the the
. students the children the replace
teachers students . replace the the
students . exploit president the the
the students exploit man the .
the woman . students the exploit
the minister the students . exploit
exploit the . the students candidate
students the . exploit secretary the
. students the commissioner the exploit
. the students the child exploit
students the teacher exploit the .
students exploit presidents the the .
men exploit the students . the
the women the exploit . students
the students exploit the ministers .
the students . exploit candidates the
the exploit the . students secretaries
the exploit commissioners the students .
the students children . the exploit
students the teachers . the exploit
the thank does not . man president the
the . not the president thank woman does
thank not minister the does . president the
the does the candidate thank . president not
does the . the thank not secretary president
. the commissioner thank not president the does
. not the does the child thank president
not . does the the thank president teacher
not student the president the does thank .
men not . president the does thank the
. the women not thank does the president
not . thank president the the ministers does
. candidates president not the does the thank
. the president secretaries thank not does the
does the thank commissioners . not president the
president children thank not the the . does
not does thank the teachers . the president
. the the president students not does thank
not man president the the . support does
not . the does president the woman support
support the president does . minister not the
. does president the not candidate the support
support the president not secretary does . the
not the . the president commissioner support does
president the not the does support child .
does the the . support president not teacher
the does the not . student support president
men the not the . support president does
support does the the president not . women
does the . ministers support not the president
candidates . does president the support not the
support the president . not secretaries the does
the support . the president commissioners does not
. does the the not support president children
the the does president not teachers support .
support does the . president students the not
represent does . president not the man the
represent not the the . president does woman
the does the minister not president represent .
represent not the . president does the candidate
does not president the represent . the secretary
the the president represent not commissioner does .
not the does president . represent the child
president the teacher not does represent the .
. president does not the represent student the
not . the president represent men does the
president represent the . the does not women
does represent not . president the the ministers
the represent not candidates . president the does
. secretaries president the the does represent not
not represent president commissioners the the . does
children not represent does president the . the
represent teachers the does not president the .
president not . does the the students represent
defend does . president man the the not
does . not the woman defend president the
minister does president the . the defend not
. does the not the candidate defend president
. defend secretary president the does the not
does commissioner defend not the . president the
the the defend not child president . does
. does president defend teacher not the the
the the student does defend president . not
the does . men president defend the not
. the does president defend women not the
president ministers does defend the the . not
defend president the candidates not does . the
. does not defend the president secretaries the
. not the the president does commissioners defend
the defend president does . children the not
teachers . the does not the defend president
defend not . students does president the the
the the welcome not . president man does
does woman . the not welcome the president
the does president minister welcome not the .
does welcome the not president the candidate .
not president welcome the secretary the does .
does commissioner the the not president welcome .
president welcome the does . the child not
. does teacher not the the welcome president
welcome the student not does . president the
the does not president welcome men the .
the does women the . not president welcome
president welcome ministers . does the the not
not welcome does the the president candidates .
not . the does the secretaries welcome president
commissioners the president welcome . the does not
the president the does not welcome . children
president does not . the the teachers welcome
. students the does the welcome not president
not . president the does invite the man
president not . invite does the woman the
minister the invite not does the . president
candidate president does the invite the not .
. the secretary invite does not president the
commissioner the . not president invite the does
not . the child invite president the does
invite the president the . teacher does not
student the not does . the president invite
not . the does president men the invite
the . invite does the president not women
not ministers the the president does invite .
invite the candidates does not the . president
not does . the president invite the secretaries
commissioners . the invite does the not president
invite the the does . children not president
the . does not the president teachers invite
students president not the invite the does .
the not attack does man president the .
does . not woman the attack the president
does . president not attack the the minister
does president attack the the candidate . not
. not does president the attack the secretary
the president attack not the does . commissioner
. the child attack president does not the
not the teacher president attack . does the
student the the attack president not . does
does the the men . attack not president
the does not the president women attack .
attack does the the not president ministers .
does president . the the attack not candidates
secretaries does the attack president the . not
the president . commissioners the does attack not
attack the not does children the . president
. president not the teachers does the attack
attack not president the the students . does
not does the the president . man respect
woman the president the . respect not does
the president does not minister respect . the
respect candidate the . not the president does
. does respect secretary the not the president
the the respect commissioner president does not .
the not . respect does the child president
the respect not the teacher does . president
student respect the does president not the .
respect . not the men the does president
president respect women . the the not does
ministers the respect president the . does not
does the . president respect the not candidates
secretaries . the the respect not does president
the respect the does commissioners . president not
respect president not . children the the does
not does president respect . the the teachers
the not . students respect president the does
president the man . the not does replace
woman president the the replace does not .
. the the not does replace president minister
president does the the replace . not candidate
does secretary the . replace not the president
replace . the not does president the commissioner
the the president . does child not replace
teacher not the replace does president . the
. president the student not replace the does
president not replace men the does the .
the the does women president not . replace
not president ministers the the . replace does
replace president . the does not candidates the
. replace not secretaries the president the does
commissioners the replace president not the does .
does not the children president the replace .
does the teachers the president not replace .
the replace does students . the not president
the man president does . the exploit not
the . does not woman president exploit the
the president does not the minister . exploit
the president exploit candidate not does . the
the president secretary the exploit does not .
. does not commissioner exploit the president the
. not does child the president the exploit
does exploit the teacher the president not .
student president . the exploit the does not
not the the does president men exploit .
the exploit women does the president not .
not . the does exploit the president ministers
candidates not . the exploit does president the
the the not exploit . does president secretaries
. exploit the does the not commissioners president
not the president . exploit does the children
not . president exploit teachers does the the
students not . does president the exploit the
not does . the president the man thank
thank the not the woman man . does
not the thank man minister does the .
not candidate the thank the does man .
secretary . thank man not the the does
does not commissioner man thank . the the
. does thank not child the man the
the the . teacher does not thank man
man thank . does the student not the
thank does . the the not presidents man
. women the the does not thank man
the not does man the thank . ministers
thank . candidates the not man the does
the thank the . not man secretaries does
. commissioners the does not the thank man
does man . thank children not the the
. the does the thank man teachers not
the does the not thank students . man
the not support does . the man president
man not . woman the the does support
minister does not the support the man .
the support . the does candidate not man
. not the support the man does secretary
support the commissioner does not man the .
child support the . man not does the
. the teacher support the does not man
the support the not man . does student
the . presidents support man the does not
the the does man . women support not
support not man the ministers the does .
not the candidates . the does support man
does man support . secretaries not the the
the the not does man support . commissioners
the man support the not children does .
the teachers not does man . support the
does students the the not support man .
the does . man president represent the not
represent woman not . man the the does
does the . minister man represent not the
not the . the man candidate does represent
man . represent not the the does secretary
represent man commissioner not the the does .
man the . represent not does child the
the the teacher . not represent does man
man student not does represent the . the
not represent presidents the man does the .
does man represent . the not women the
does not ministers man represent . the the
the does the represent man not . candidates
the man represent not . the does secretaries
not the commissioners does represent man the .
children man . the represent the does not
. the teachers not man represent the does
represent not the does man the . students
. man president the defend not the does
. the does woman not the man defend
does the the . man minister defend not
the man candidate not does defend . the
the man . defend does not the secretary
commissioner defend man . does not the the
not the man does defend . child the
the the does man teacher defend . not
does . the defend not the man student
the . man the presidents not defend does
the the women defend does not . man
does man not the the defend ministers .
not . candidates the defend the man does
the secretaries not defend does . man the
the does defend the man not commissioners .
not . children the the defend man does
defend not the man . teachers does the
students the the does man not . defend
the the president welcome not does . man
welcome the man woman not the . does
. the does minister not the welcome man
candidate welcome the man . does the not
secretary does welcome the the . man not
does the not . man the welcome commissioner
. welcome the the does man not child
. the does welcome not teacher man the
the does not man the student . welcome
not does man the . presidents welcome the
the does . man welcome the not women
the ministers does the . not welcome man
does welcome not . man candidates the the
man not the welcome the does secretaries .
not welcome the man . the commissioners does
children not . does welcome the the man
man the not teachers welcome the does .
the does the not welcome man . students
not president . does man invite the the
woman . the man the does invite not
not the man minister invite . the does
does the invite . the candidate not man
. man not the invite secretary does the
not . invite does commissioner the man the
man the . child does invite the not
. man invite teacher does the not the
man student the . invite not does the
does not man . invite the presidents the
. not invite women the man does the
invite man does the not . ministers the
not . the the does candidates invite man
does . the not man secretaries the invite
the commissioners does the . not man invite
man the invite the children . not does
the man does . the not teachers invite
man students the . not the does invite
president does the not the . attack man
does . man attack the the woman not
the attack man . does the minister not
man attack the does the not . candidate
attack not man the secretary the does .
does man . attack commissioner the the not
not attack child the does . man the
. does not man the the teacher attack
. man student attack the the not does
not does attack presidents the the man .
does . not women man attack the the
the does ministers attack . the man not
the attack does . man candidates not the
attack not man does the . the secretaries
. commissioners attack not the man the does
not man the children does attack the .
. not man teachers the attack the does
not the . man students the attack does
respect man does the president . the not
woman does the not . man the respect
respect man . minister not the does the
not . does candidate respect the the man
. secretary the does the man respect not
the not man does commissioner . respect the
does not respect man child the . the
teacher not man the the does respect .
. does man respect not the the student
the not does man the presidents respect .
the respect the does not . man women
ministers . does the man respect the not
respect does the man candidates the not .
man not does the respect . secretaries the
. does respect the not man the commissioners
. not children the does man the respect
teachers the the . does man respect not
the students not . the man does respect
does the . not man the president replace
woman . man not replace does the the
minister . not the the does replace man
. man not the replace the candidate does
not does . replace man the secretary the
man the the does commissioner . replace not
man the does not replace child the .
does teacher the the man not replace .
not man does student . replace the the
not does the replace presidents man the .
the women man replace the . not does
ministers man . the the replace not does
man does . not the replace candidates the
replace does not the secretaries the . man
not the . does the replace man commissioners
man . does children the replace not the
replace the not does the man teachers .
replace the students the . not does man
does the . not president man the exploit
man the the exploit woman . does not
the does the . not minister exploit man
exploit the man . the candidate not does
secretary the does man exploit not . the
man . commissioner the not exploit the does
. does exploit man the not child the
not does the teacher . exploit man the
does the man student not the exploit .
the exploit man . the presidents does not
exploit the not the women does man .
the the ministers does . not exploit man
the man . candidates does the not exploit
the exploit man secretaries . not the does
commissioners the exploit . does the not man
does . exploit the man not children the
the not the teachers man . does exploit
students the exploit . not the does man
the thank does the . woman president not
the thank woman man not the . does
. minister does the thank woman not the
thank does woman candidate not the the .
does not the secretary woman the . thank
the . commissioner the not does woman thank
child the does not woman the . thank
does thank teacher woman the not . the
not student woman the . thank the does
. the the not does woman thank presidents
thank the does men . not the woman
. not thank the does woman ministers the
not the . candidates the thank does woman
not woman thank the . secretaries does the
thank the commissioners not the does . woman
not children . thank the the does woman
teachers does the . thank not the woman
not . the does students the woman thank
woman the . the does support not president
does man the the support woman not .
support does the . woman not minister the
not candidate does the woman . support the
the does support not . woman secretary the
does woman the not support . the commissioner
not support the child the woman does .
the does teacher . support not woman the
woman does the the student not . support
presidents not woman . the support the does
does support . the not the men woman
the support the does . ministers woman not
woman not candidates the the does . support
the woman does support . secretaries the not
the support does not woman . the commissioners
not support the . the children woman does
the woman support teachers does the not .
the the woman . students not does support
. woman president represent does not the the
the does man represent not woman . the
woman does not the . minister represent the
. the not the candidate woman does represent
the secretary . the does represent not woman
woman the commissioner does not the . represent
does . represent the the child not woman
the not represent does woman teacher . the
does student . woman represent the not the
represent not the the woman presidents . does
not . woman represent does the men the
. ministers not the represent does the woman
woman . not does the candidates represent the
the woman not the does . represent secretaries
woman not the commissioners . does the represent
the the represent woman children . not does
the . does not woman teachers the represent
students does . woman the not represent the
defend the does woman not president the .
not the does . man woman the defend
. not the defend does the minister woman
not woman candidate the . does the defend
the the not defend does . woman secretary
woman not commissioner does . the the defend
the . does child woman not the defend
teacher the the woman not does defend .
. woman student defend not the the does
. not the defend presidents the woman does
does men not defend woman the the .
. does not the woman defend ministers the
defend the . woman the candidates not does
secretaries woman . does the the defend not
defend the . woman not does the commissioners
defend not the woman the . children does
the defend . does woman the teachers not
not woman does students the defend . the
president . welcome the the not does woman
not does welcome the man . the woman
woman . welcome not the does minister the
the welcome does not woman candidate . the
does . not the secretary welcome woman the
not woman the welcome commissioner . does the
not woman the . welcome does child the
the woman does teacher welcome not . the
the the woman not . welcome does student
not the does welcome . the woman presidents
men the does not woman welcome the .
. woman not welcome does the ministers the
the does woman the candidates not welcome .
does . the welcome the secretaries not woman
welcome the not woman . the does commissioners
does woman welcome not the the children .
welcome woman the the . does teachers not
the not welcome does the . woman students
the . not president does invite woman the
. invite does man not woman the the
invite the minister not the . does woman
the not . invite woman candidate the does
the the not woman invite secretary . does
does the the . commissioner not invite woman
the does child the not invite . woman
the the teacher invite woman not . does
not the . student invite does woman the
presidents the does . invite woman not the
the does men . woman the not invite
does woman . not ministers the invite the
the invite woman does the not . candidates
secretaries invite not woman does the . the
not invite does commissioners woman the . the
the . woman children invite not does the
woman teachers the the invite does . not
the invite woman does the . students not
attack the not . does woman the president
woman not man does attack the . the
minister attack does the . not woman the
. the the does attack not woman candidate
. the the does attack secretary woman not
commissioner attack does the . not woman the
the attack . does woman child the not
the does not teacher the woman attack .
the the not student woman does . attack
not presidents attack . the woman the does
does woman the attack men . not the
does . woman the ministers the not attack
the attack not does woman the candidates .
woman does the the secretaries not . attack
. does commissioners attack the not the woman
does . not the attack woman children the
attack woman not the does the teachers .
not the the attack does . woman students
president not . does the respect woman the
man does . not respect the woman the
not the respect woman . the does minister
not the does candidate respect woman the .
the not does secretary . respect the woman
not the respect does . woman commissioner the
not respect . does child the the woman
. not woman the teacher the respect does
woman student not the respect . the does
not the does . respect woman presidents the
the not woman respect men the does .
the ministers not . does respect woman the
the candidates not the does woman respect .
does respect the the secretaries not . woman
commissioners . does respect the woman not the
children not the . woman does respect the
the respect woman teachers . does not the
. the the students not woman respect does
president . woman the replace does not the
woman not . does the replace man the
does woman minister the replace not . the
replace the . the not candidate woman does
the woman replace secretary the . does not
the woman not the replace commissioner does .
not woman child the the replace . does
replace teacher the woman does the not .
woman does not the the . replace student
the . not presidents the woman replace does
does woman replace men . not the the
woman does the ministers the . replace not
candidates woman replace does the the not .
woman . the the not secretaries replace does
not commissioners . does replace woman the the
. children replace does not the woman the
not woman does replace the . the teachers
replace the the woman students not does .
not woman the the does president . exploit
the does woman . exploit the not man
does exploit . the woman not minister the
the not exploit candidate does the woman .
. does not the exploit the secretary woman
the does exploit commissioner not . woman the
the exploit . woman does the not child
the woman the not teacher exploit does .
not student exploit the . woman the does
presidents the woman exploit does not the .
the woman does men the . not exploit
does not ministers woman the the exploit .
not candidates the exploit . does the woman
secretaries does exploit . the the not woman
the woman not commissioners exploit does . the
woman exploit not children . the does the
. woman the exploit does not teachers the
the exploit not does the woman . students
thank minister president . the not does the
thank not does minister . the the man
the minister the . does woman not thank
candidate minister does thank the not . the
. not the the minister secretary does thank
minister commissioner thank the the . not does
minister does not the . thank the child
not thank does the the minister teacher .
minister not the thank student the does .
. minister thank presidents the not does the
thank men minister does the . not the
. women does the minister not the thank
candidates the the . thank minister not does
not thank the the . minister does secretaries
commissioners minister the . does the thank not
children does minister not the thank the .
. thank the minister teachers does not the
thank . minister not does the the students
the not president minister the does . support
man the support . not does minister the
minister the the woman not support . does
support does the . minister the not candidate
support the secretary not minister the . does
. does not commissioner support the minister the
not minister . does the support child the
the minister support teacher . the does not
the student does . support not minister the
not minister presidents does the the support .
men . the the minister not support does
support women minister not the . does the
support the the candidates not minister . does
the support does minister not . secretaries the
the minister commissioners support the does . not
children support the the . does not minister
. minister not the does the support teachers
does students not the . support the minister
does president the . not the minister represent
not the represent does . the minister man
represent woman the not . minister does the
candidate represent not the minister the does .
minister the . does not represent secretary the
not minister the does represent . commissioner the
represent . the does child not the minister
. the represent minister the does not teacher
. minister the student the not represent does
. minister presidents not the represent does the
minister not the . does the represent men
the the women not minister represent does .
not candidates the . represent does the minister
. does not minister secretaries the the represent
commissioners not represent does minister . the the
minister . the children not the does represent
. the minister the not does teachers represent
. students the represent does minister the not
the . does minister defend president not the
minister defend . the the not man does
defend woman the . the not does minister
not the minister . defend candidate does the
secretary . the does the minister defend not
commissioner minister does defend the . not the
child minister . does the not defend the
minister does defend teacher not the the .
does student minister not the defend the .
. the minister the presidents defend does not
. the does defend the minister men not
defend not minister the women . the does
does defend the not candidates minister . the
the not does defend minister secretaries . the
not . defend the does commissioners minister the
the minister . does the defend not children
teachers defend . does not the the minister
not . does the students defend the minister
the not the does welcome . president minister
not the man does welcome minister the .
welcome the woman . the minister not does
the does candidate not welcome . minister the
. minister welcome the the secretary does not
. minister the not does welcome commissioner the
welcome . the does not child minister the
does . the teacher not welcome minister the
. welcome minister the student not does the
the does the minister not . presidents welcome
the does minister not the . men welcome
the minister women . does welcome not the
does the not candidates welcome . the minister
. not the secretaries the welcome minister does
. the does the commissioners minister not welcome
not the does welcome the minister . children
teachers . the the does minister not welcome
the . welcome minister does not the students
not minister the . invite president the does
man the . minister not the does invite
the . the not woman does minister invite
not candidate . invite the minister the does
invite the minister the secretary does . not
the the minister . invite does not commissioner
the not minister . invite the does child
. teacher minister the the does invite not
not student . invite does the minister the
presidents not does minister . the the invite
invite the men . the minister does not
minister not the women invite the . does
not does invite candidates minister the the .
the . does secretaries the invite minister not
not the commissioners the does invite minister .
not . the the invite does minister children
. invite the minister teachers the not does
invite . the minister the not students does
not the . does president attack minister the
the not the . attack man does minister
not woman the minister attack does the .
candidate not attack does the minister . the
the not secretary minister attack the does .
attack the the not does minister commissioner .
minister the not . attack the child does
teacher not the . does attack the minister
not minister . the the does attack student
does the presidents the . attack minister not
the minister does attack men not . the
minister the women the does . attack not
candidates the not the attack . does minister
. minister the attack not does the secretaries
the . minister commissioners does not the attack
attack . not minister the the does children
the does not teachers the attack . minister
not does attack the students minister the .
president minister respect not the does . the
man . respect the not minister does the
the the woman . minister not does respect
candidate not minister does respect . the the
minister does not secretary respect the the .
minister the respect does commissioner the . not
. child does respect minister not the the
does teacher the the minister not respect .
minister . student the respect not the does
. presidents minister not the does respect the
the men . minister respect does the not
women not the respect the minister . does
candidates does the the minister . not respect
the does respect the not minister . secretaries
not does the minister . commissioners respect the
does not respect . minister the children the
the teachers not minister . the respect does
the the students . does minister not respect
not replace . the president the does minister
the minister replace . does man the not
the the not does replace . minister woman
the the . does candidate replace minister not
the replace minister . does the not secretary
. replace commissioner minister the does the not
the . child the not replace does minister
the the teacher replace does minister . not
does not student the the . replace minister
not presidents does the . replace the minister
. replace the the minister not men does
minister not the the does replace . women
the not minister . does replace the candidates
. does secretaries replace the minister the not
replace does the not the commissioners . minister
does the the minister not children . replace
minister the replace does the teachers . not
the not . students replace minister the does
not does president the the . exploit minister
the exploit not minister . does man the
does minister the not woman the exploit .
the minister . exploit not the candidate does
does the not secretary . minister the exploit
the commissioner does minister . not the exploit
. does exploit the child not minister the
minister the teacher . exploit not the does
the the . minister exploit student not does
the minister presidents not . exploit does the
not . exploit the the does minister men
minister exploit does . women the not the
minister the the does not exploit . candidates
exploit minister secretaries the . not does the
. minister commissioners exploit does not the the
minister children not does the . exploit the
the teachers . minister not does the exploit
not the the students exploit . does minister
. the the candidate president does not thank
the not . does candidate man thank the
does candidate not the . thank the woman
the not does minister . thank candidate the
the . not candidate secretary does thank the
commissioner the not thank the . candidate does
not child does . the candidate thank the
candidate teacher not thank the . does the
the student not does . candidate thank the
candidate presidents . does not the the thank
the does thank not men the candidate .
the the does . thank women not candidate
the the ministers does candidate . thank not
candidate thank does the not the secretaries .
not commissioners does . the thank candidate the
thank does children the the candidate . not
not thank . teachers the candidate does the
thank students the . the candidate not does
not candidate the the does . president support
not man the . candidate does support the
candidate . not the support does woman the
does support minister not candidate the . the
candidate not does the secretary support the .
candidate not commissioner does the . support the
candidate does the the . not child support
candidate teacher the does the not support .
the student support . does candidate the not
. the not does candidate support the presidents
candidate men the not does the . support
the does women not . support candidate the
. does not the candidate the support ministers
secretaries the the does support candidate . not
. the does support commissioners candidate not the
not does the . the candidate children support
not support the . teachers candidate does the
support candidate the not does . the students
not president the the does represent candidate .
. represent does candidate the not the man
woman not . candidate the represent does the
the candidate represent the minister . not does
represent the not does candidate secretary . the
the . not represent does the candidate commissioner
candidate . represent not the child does the
candidate represent the . teacher not does the
not does the the represent . student candidate
not candidate represent does presidents the the .
does . candidate the the not men represent
women the not . does represent candidate the
candidate represent not the ministers the does .
candidate secretaries not the represent . does the
candidate not does . the commissioners represent the
the the represent not children candidate . does
the does . teachers represent not the candidate
represent not does candidate . students the the
candidate does the . not the defend president
not does the man candidate . the defend
does . defend woman not the candidate the
the does . candidate minister not defend the
. defend the candidate does secretary the not
defend does commissioner not the the . candidate
. does child the candidate the not defend
defend not the does candidate . the teacher
not defend the candidate . does the student
candidate not the presidents does defend the .
candidate does the men not defend . the
women the the does defend . candidate not
candidate the does ministers the not . defend
. does candidate the secretaries not the defend
candidate not . the does the defend commissioners
candidate does defend the . not the children
candidate the teachers defend . not does the
students candidate . the not defend does the
not . does the the president welcome candidate
man does not welcome the . the candidate
woman . the candidate not does the welcome
not candidate welcome does minister . the the
does candidate welcome . not secretary the the
welcome does . the commissioner candidate not the
child the candidate welcome does not . the
. the not the candidate teacher does welcome
the the student does not candidate . welcome
not the presidents does candidate . welcome the
. candidate welcome men the does the not
does . not women candidate the the welcome
the does the welcome ministers . candidate not
candidate the the does welcome . secretaries not
. candidate the does commissioners welcome the not
the welcome does the . not children candidate
. does welcome candidate the teachers the not
the students . does candidate the not welcome
the not president candidate . the invite does
not the the invite . does candidate man
the invite does the not candidate . woman
. not candidate the the minister does invite
. invite the not secretary candidate the does
commissioner not invite the candidate the does .
invite not . child the the candidate does
the does candidate the . not teacher invite
invite does not . the the candidate student
. candidate does the invite not the presidents
the men the not candidate . invite does
does not women candidate the invite . the
the ministers . does the invite candidate not
the invite the . not does secretaries candidate
commissioners . does invite the not candidate the
does candidate children the . invite not the
the the does candidate not . invite teachers
the students invite the does . not candidate
the . president does attack not the candidate
not . candidate attack does the man the
attack the the does not candidate woman .
minister . not attack candidate the does the
the does not attack candidate secretary the .
the commissioner not the attack candidate . does
candidate the attack child does . not the
does the teacher not . attack the candidate
candidate student the not . attack does the
not candidate does the attack presidents . the
men does the not candidate attack . the
not women does attack the candidate the .
. ministers attack candidate the the does not
. not secretaries the does candidate attack the
does attack candidate the the not . commissioners
the children candidate attack the does not .
candidate teachers the attack . does the not
students the . the does not attack candidate
does . candidate president the respect not the
does . man respect the candidate not the
respect the candidate . not woman does the
minister respect the not . the does candidate
does . secretary the not the respect candidate
does respect the the not . candidate commissioner
the does respect candidate not . the child
the candidate not respect . does the teacher
the respect the candidate student does . not
. respect does the presidents candidate the not
the . respect candidate the does men not
women the candidate not . respect the does
does the ministers candidate . respect not the
respect secretaries the . does the candidate not
not commissioners candidate the . the does respect
respect children the not candidate the . does
respect . teachers the candidate the does not
students the not the . respect does candidate
president the candidate the . does not replace
the replace does not man candidate . the
does candidate woman the replace not the .
the not minister the replace . does candidate
not secretary candidate the replace the . does
the not replace commissioner the does . candidate
does candidate the child the replace . not
does the . replace teacher candidate not the
the candidate does student the not replace .
. the the presidents candidate does replace not
the candidate . the men replace not does
women . does not replace the candidate the
the ministers not does the . replace candidate
secretaries candidate . the the replace does not
commissioners replace candidate the . not the does
the candidate children not . replace does the
not . teachers the does candidate replace the
the the students does . not candidate replace
not exploit does president . the the candidate
candidate . does the exploit the not man
the does exploit . candidate the not woman
the not exploit the does candidate minister .
does not the exploit the . candidate secretary
commissioner exploit does not candidate the the .
does the not . the exploit child candidate
not teacher . exploit the candidate the does
student not exploit candidate does . the the
does not . the candidate presidents exploit the
men the not . the candidate exploit does
women the exploit does not candidate the .
not the candidate . does exploit ministers the
exploit the the secretaries does candidate not .
. candidate does the commissioners the exploit not
exploit the children candidate does not the .
does candidate the teachers the exploit . not
candidate not does students the the exploit .
the thank the not . secretary president does
the secretary does thank . man the not
does the secretary . not the woman thank
the does the not secretary minister . thank
. thank not candidate the does secretary the
commissioner not secretary thank does . the the
secretary . not the the does thank child
the . the not thank does teacher secretary
the secretary not does the . student thank
the the . not thank presidents does secretary
. the men secretary does thank the not
does . the secretary thank the not women
not the thank the ministers . secretary does
. the the thank candidates not secretary does
not thank . commissioners secretary the the does
children the the . does not secretary thank
not does secretary thank teachers the the .
does students the the . secretary not thank
not the does president . the support secretary
support does the the . man not secretary
the does secretary not woman . the support
. support minister secretary not the does the
the the not candidate does . secretary support
support does secretary the . the not commissioner
does the not . secretary the support child
does the the not secretary . teacher support
the secretary . not student the support does
secretary not presidents does support . the the
does not secretary men the support . the
the . does women not secretary support the
the does secretary ministers support . the not
secretary does support not the . candidates the
not the commissioners does . secretary the support
support the does secretary children . not the
secretary the not support teachers does . the
secretary the students . does not the support
represent not . the president the does secretary
represent the man . does the secretary not
does the the woman . represent not secretary
minister secretary represent the not does the .
the candidate the secretary does not . represent
secretary does not commissioner the the represent .
not secretary the does child . the represent
does the teacher . not secretary represent the
not secretary the student does represent the .
represent . not secretary does the presidents the
the the represent not secretary does men .
the the does not secretary women . represent
the secretary not represent ministers does . the
the does . candidates secretary the represent not
represent the not . commissioners the secretary does
represent children the . not secretary does the
secretary the the teachers . not does represent
represent the not the . does secretary students
does president defend the . secretary not the
man does secretary the the not . defend
. does woman secretary the not the defend
does the not minister . secretary defend the
the candidate . does secretary the defend not
the does the commissioner not secretary defend .
not defend does secretary child the . the
not . secretary the does the defend teacher
the secretary does the . student not defend
not presidents . the does secretary the defend
men does secretary the not defend . the
. the defend the women does secretary not
ministers the secretary not does the defend .
the candidates defend secretary . does the not
not . the commissioners defend secretary does the
the children secretary not the does defend .
not teachers the . defend the does secretary
secretary the defend . not the does students
not does the president welcome . secretary the
does the not secretary . the man welcome
does the the secretary . woman not welcome
secretary does . not the the welcome minister
candidate the . does the secretary welcome not
not does the . welcome the secretary commissioner
. the secretary does the child not welcome
welcome does not secretary the teacher the .
welcome secretary not . student the does the
. the does not presidents welcome secretary the
does the secretary not men . the welcome
does women secretary the not welcome the .
ministers the secretary . does welcome not the
welcome secretary . does the the not candidates
not commissioners welcome the . does secretary the
not the does welcome children the . secretary
does . the secretary welcome not the teachers
does the not welcome . students the secretary
president secretary . the does invite not the
the does . invite secretary the man not
secretary the the does not . invite woman
minister not the . the secretary does invite
. the candidate the does not invite secretary
does secretary invite the not the commissioner .
invite . secretary child the the does not
the does the secretary teacher not . invite
invite secretary student not does the the .
the invite not presidents secretary does the .
the . invite the not secretary does men
the invite secretary the women . not does
the the . not ministers does invite secretary
secretary the candidates not . does the invite
secretary . not commissioners invite the does the
the does the children . secretary invite not
. not secretary teachers the the invite does
students secretary does . the not the invite
not secretary president the attack does the .
the attack not the man secretary does .
attack secretary not woman does the the .
does secretary minister . the not the attack
the not the attack does secretary candidate .
the the attack does commissioner secretary . not
the attack . child the does secretary not
the teacher the not . does attack secretary
secretary does not student the . attack the
. the not the does secretary attack presidents
. men the the does attack secretary not
does not the attack . secretary women the
does the attack secretary . not the ministers
does not the secretary attack the candidates .
does secretary the commissioners . the attack not
the does the . secretary children not attack
attack . not does teachers the the secretary
secretary the attack not the students . does
secretary president the respect the not does .
. respect the man not the secretary does
respect does not woman the . secretary the
minister respect not does the secretary the .
the respect the not does candidate . secretary
. respect commissioner does secretary the the not
secretary not . the does the respect child
secretary respect . the does the teacher not
the the secretary does student . respect not
the . respect does the not secretary presidents
not secretary respect men the does . the
the women . respect secretary does not the
ministers the respect not does the secretary .
. does secretary not the the respect candidates
secretary the not commissioners the . respect does
respect secretary children the . does not the
does not teachers . the respect secretary the
secretary the respect . not the students does
not . the does president replace the secretary
secretary . does man the the replace not
the not does secretary replace woman the .
not the . replace the does minister secretary
the the does not . candidate replace secretary
commissioner . the the does secretary replace not
the not replace . secretary child does the
. secretary replace the not the teacher does
secretary replace the not . does the student
the . replace presidents secretary not the does
the does not men secretary replace . the
not the the women secretary replace . does
secretary replace the ministers . the does not
the not replace candidates the does . secretary
does replace not secretary commissioners the the .
replace . the does secretary the not children
secretary the the teachers not . does replace
students does the replace . secretary the not
does exploit president the the . not secretary
the man . secretary the exploit not does
the woman does . not secretary exploit the
minister secretary does the the not exploit .
candidate does the . secretary not the exploit
secretary not does . commissioner the exploit the
the not exploit secretary . the child does
not . the secretary exploit does the teacher
not the exploit secretary does . the student
does not exploit presidents the secretary . the
exploit not does men secretary . the the
. the secretary not the women does exploit
secretary the not the . exploit ministers does
exploit the not . secretary the candidates does
commissioners not the exploit . secretary the does
. the does children not exploit the secretary
does not the secretary the teachers . exploit
students the exploit the not does secretary .
president commissioner not the . does thank the
commissioner thank man . the the does not
thank not the the commissioner woman does .
commissioner thank the does the minister . not
thank not candidate does the commissioner the .
commissioner does thank not the secretary the .
does commissioner the not . thank child the
. thank does commissioner the teacher not the
the commissioner student the . not does thank
does commissioner thank presidents the the not .
the does . thank the not men commissioner
thank the women not does . commissioner the
does the thank commissioner ministers . not the
not thank . the commissioner the does candidates
thank secretaries does not . commissioner the the
. the not does thank the children commissioner
the teachers thank not the commissioner . does
the students not commissioner does thank . the
the . not commissioner support president does the
the man the support commissioner . not does
. the the support not does woman commissioner
not commissioner does support the the . minister
not candidate support the the . does commissioner
does support commissioner secretary the the not .
commissioner child the not support does the .
commissioner the support . the not teacher does
support student the commissioner the does . not
. does support presidents not the commissioner the
. does the commissioner support not the men
does support the women commissioner not . the
not . does the ministers the support commissioner
not the does . the candidates support commissioner
the . support does the not secretaries commissioner
the does commissioner . children support not the
support . teachers not does the the commissioner
not the the support commissioner does students .
represent president the not does commissioner the .
. commissioner the the man does represent not
does . commissioner the the woman not represent
minister not does . commissioner represent the the
not does represent . candidate commissioner the the
the . the commissioner represent does secretary not
child the the . does not represent commissioner
represent . the does teacher not the commissioner
student does the represent commissioner . not the
does represent the the presidents commissioner not .
does the the represent not commissioner men .
women not the the represent does . commissioner
not ministers does represent . the commissioner the
the not commissioner candidates the represent does .
not does represent commissioner the secretaries the .
children commissioner not does represent the the .
the represent not teachers the does . commissioner
commissioner the represent does . not students the
the does . commissioner defend the president not
. not does the the commissioner man defend
the woman does commissioner . the not defend
the not commissioner minister the defend does .
commissioner not . does candidate the defend the
defend does commissioner the . not secretary the
not . child the defend commissioner the does
does the the defend . not teacher commissioner
. does student defend commissioner the the not
does commissioner presidents not defend the . the
defend men the not the . does commissioner
not does defend . commissioner the women the
defend commissioner the the ministers not . does
the defend does candidates commissioner . not the
. the not commissioner the defend secretaries does
commissioner the not defend the . children does
not . does teachers the defend the commissioner
the students does commissioner . not defend the
the the welcome commissioner does not . president
the not does the . commissioner welcome man
not commissioner the the does . welcome woman
the does . the not minister welcome commissioner
the not commissioner does welcome the candidate .
commissioner not the the secretary does . welcome
child welcome commissioner does the . not the
not the the welcome . teacher commissioner does
welcome the not does the student commissioner .
welcome does presidents . the commissioner the not
. commissioner the does welcome men not the
the the women commissioner welcome . not does
not welcome . does ministers the the commissioner
not the candidates does commissioner . the welcome
commissioner does not the the welcome . secretaries
. children not commissioner welcome does the the
welcome not . does the the commissioner teachers
the does students commissioner not . the welcome
not . invite does president the the commissioner
not the . the invite commissioner man does
the the commissioner . does not woman invite
. invite the does minister the not commissioner
the does invite the . not commissioner candidate
commissioner the invite the does . secretary not
the commissioner does invite child not . the
the the not . commissioner does teacher invite
commissioner invite student the does the not .
. invite does not the presidents the commissioner
commissioner does the men invite . not the
. women the not the commissioner does invite
ministers commissioner does . the not invite the
the . not does candidates commissioner the invite
does commissioner the the . not secretaries invite
the not . commissioner does children the invite
invite the not the . teachers commissioner does
the commissioner the not students invite . does
president . not the commissioner does attack the
man the does . attack commissioner the not
commissioner does not attack . woman the the
the not commissioner . the minister attack does
the candidate the attack not commissioner . does
attack does the commissioner . secretary not the
not does the the attack commissioner child .
attack . does the the teacher commissioner not
commissioner attack not the student does the .
does . commissioner presidents the not the attack
men . commissioner the not attack does the
the the commissioner not attack . does women
attack commissioner the the does ministers not .
not attack does the commissioner . candidates the
does not the . the attack commissioner secretaries
children attack does the . commissioner the not
not commissioner the does attack teachers the .
attack the commissioner students the . does not
commissioner does not president the respect the .
respect the man commissioner does . the not
commissioner woman the . respect not the does
commissioner respect not does the the minister .
the the candidate does respect not . commissioner
respect does not secretary the commissioner the .
does the child not commissioner . the respect
the . the commissioner teacher respect not does
the student . not the does respect commissioner
the presidents . commissioner respect does the not
the respect commissioner . the men not does
. the women does the not respect commissioner
. not the commissioner the respect ministers does
the does candidates commissioner not respect the .
commissioner secretaries the respect does the . not
. not children does respect commissioner the the
teachers respect the the does . commissioner not
the commissioner . not does students the respect
replace does president . the the not commissioner
man does replace the the commissioner . not
the replace does . the woman commissioner not
commissioner not the does minister replace the .
not replace candidate . does commissioner the the
the . replace not secretary does commissioner the
commissioner the child . does the replace not
teacher the the does not replace . commissioner
. replace not the commissioner does student the
replace the the does presidents . commissioner not
does not the men commissioner . replace the
the not the replace commissioner does . women
. the not commissioner does replace the ministers
the does candidates replace commissioner . not the
the the secretaries replace not . does commissioner
does commissioner the not the children replace .
does replace the commissioner the not teachers .
not replace . commissioner students does the the
the exploit commissioner . president does not the
. not does exploit the man the commissioner
the commissioner does . the not exploit woman
not minister the does the exploit . commissioner
does the . the not commissioner exploit candidate
commissioner exploit the does the . not secretary
the does . not the commissioner exploit child
commissioner does the teacher not . the exploit
exploit student . commissioner the does not the
not the commissioner the presidents does exploit .
not . does the the exploit men commissioner
the does exploit women the commissioner not .
. ministers the does commissioner the not exploit
the the exploit commissioner . candidates does not
the commissioner the exploit does not secretaries .
the does not commissioner the . exploit children
commissioner teachers the . does the exploit not
commissioner does . the students not exploit the
the thank does the . president child not
man not does child . the thank the
. does the not the child woman thank
child the does the thank minister . not
does . child thank not the the candidate
thank not the secretary . does child the
the child thank commissioner not . does the
the . does child thank the not teacher
does the not student thank . child the
thank does not the the child presidents .
men thank . does the not child the
the the women thank does not . child
does not thank the ministers child the .
thank the candidates child the does . not
thank the the . not secretaries does child
thank . commissioners the the not child does
does thank not child the teachers . the
child the not does the thank students .
support . does child the president the not
. does the the child man support not
not does child . the support the woman
not minister . child support the the does
child candidate support . not does the the
. the child not does the support secretary
. does support commissioner the child the not
support the . teacher not the child does
the student child . does support the not
support presidents does child not the . the
not support child the does the . men
women child does the not . the support
support not does ministers child . the the
the not does child support the . candidates
the support secretaries . the does child not
. commissioners the child does support not the
teachers the . support does not the child
child support students the not does . the
not child does represent the . president the
child not the man does the represent .
represent does . not the child the woman
the . represent the not minister child does
not the candidate does child the . represent
the not secretary . represent the child does
commissioner represent the does the child . not
child the not the represent teacher . does
child represent student not . the the does
child represent does presidents the . not the
represent men child . the the does not
not child . represent the does the women
represent not the does the child ministers .
not child the . represent the does candidates
. the the represent child secretaries not does
child the represent does . commissioners the not
does teachers . the not child the represent
the not does represent students the child .
the . child president the not defend does
the defend does the man child . not
defend . the child does the woman not
does defend minister . the not the child
candidate the the child . defend not does
child defend the not secretary does . the
. defend the does child the not commissioner
teacher the does child defend not the .
. the student does defend not the child
the the not . does presidents defend child
not does the . the men defend child
child the not defend women the does .
the does defend not ministers . the child
the child not the . does defend candidates
not does . the child defend secretaries the
child the the commissioners . does not defend
not child the defend teachers does . the
defend the . does the not students child
the not president welcome child . does the
child the does . welcome not man the
not the . does welcome woman the child
the not does the welcome child . minister
. does child not the the welcome candidate
not welcome . child secretary the does the
the commissioner the . does child not welcome
teacher child welcome the . the not does
does . welcome the child not the student
not the presidents child . the does welcome
child does men welcome the the not .
does the women the not . child welcome
the ministers not does welcome . child the
child the the candidates welcome not . does
. child secretaries not does welcome the the
. the not child welcome the does commissioners
. the child teachers not does the welcome
child the . not does students the welcome
child not does the the president . invite
not invite the the does man child .
. woman does the not invite the child
does not the . invite the minister child
does child . the the not invite candidate
secretary the child invite not . does the
child not invite . the the does commissioner
the invite the does teacher not . child
the the does child . invite not student
not . invite does presidents child the the
the child not the does invite . men
child the invite not . does the women
does invite not . the child the ministers
. child the not invite candidates the does
. secretaries invite the not does child the
not invite . does the child commissioners the
invite the teachers not the does child .
does child invite the students . not the
does not president . child the attack the
man the the child not . attack does
does the not the attack woman child .
the child the . minister attack not does
not the does . the attack candidate child
the does the not attack child secretary .
not commissioner attack child the . does the
. teacher not the does child the attack
child . the the attack does student not
does presidents . child the the not attack
. attack men does child not the the
does the . the not attack women child
does not the . ministers child the attack
the attack the . candidates not child does
secretaries attack the child does the . not
does child the . not attack commissioners the
the not child . does attack teachers the
child attack students . not the the does
respect not the does child . president the
the not man child does the respect .
woman . the the child does not respect
minister does the . not the child respect
respect the child the not candidate does .
the secretary the respect does . not child
child . respect not does the the commissioner
does respect not the . child teacher the
does . the student respect child the not
. presidents the the does child respect not
child . the does not the respect men
respect not does the . child the women
ministers . not the child respect does the
. the the not child candidates does respect
secretaries respect child the the not does .
does the not the . child respect commissioners
teachers child . the respect not the does
the does . students not the child respect
president not the does replace child . the
man the does the not replace . child
the . the not woman does replace child
. not the does minister replace the child
does the candidate replace child . not the
child replace does . secretary the not the
the . not child replace commissioner the does
not replace child the teacher . does the
student replace the not child the . does
presidents not child the . the replace does
replace the child the not . does men
does the . women the not replace child
does the the not child ministers replace .
does child . not the the candidates replace
the does . the secretaries child replace not
commissioners the not does child replace . the
replace does child . teachers not the the
not does the child . the replace students
the . not president child the exploit does
child man exploit not the the . does
not the exploit child the woman . does
minister exploit the does child the . not
child the exploit candidate . not does the
does secretary the the not exploit child .
not the . exploit commissioner does the child
does . the the child exploit teacher not
not the child exploit . student the does
not child does presidents the . the exploit
men exploit the does . not the child
exploit child the not . the does women
the . child does ministers the exploit not
the exploit candidates not . does child the
the does not the exploit child secretaries .
exploit not . does the commissioners the child
the the teachers child exploit does not .
not child students does exploit . the the
. not thank the president teacher the does
man thank not teacher the the does .
does woman thank the the not . teacher
thank does teacher . minister the not the
not thank the does candidate the . teacher
thank teacher not secretary the does . the
thank not teacher commissioner the the . does
not teacher . thank the the does child
the not thank . student does teacher the
thank does the presidents not the . teacher
does men . thank the the teacher not
teacher women the the does . thank not
. thank the not the teacher does ministers
the teacher the . candidates does not thank
the teacher . secretaries not thank does the
commissioners the teacher not . thank the does
does the the . children not teacher thank
the thank teacher not the students . does
teacher support does the president not . the
the teacher support . does not man the
the teacher woman does . support not the
the teacher support the not minister . does
not does . the teacher the support candidate
not the . does support secretary teacher the
does not teacher . the the support commissioner
support not the the child teacher does .
the teacher the not support student does .
not . presidents the does the teacher support
. the the not does teacher support men
teacher . the women support does the not
. ministers does support not the the teacher
support the teacher not does the candidates .
not does the teacher the . support secretaries
does the support commissioners the teacher . not
does the teacher . the not support children
. teacher support students the not does the
teacher the represent not . the does president
man the . represent teacher not the does
teacher not woman does the . represent the
minister represent does . the the not teacher
the not does represent . the teacher candidate
the represent teacher the not does . secretary
does represent commissioner . the not teacher the
not . teacher child the does the represent
the teacher does the not student . represent
teacher represent the . presidents the does not
the men . not the represent does teacher
does not teacher the the . women represent
does teacher represent the ministers the . not
the does . candidates represent teacher not the
. not secretaries does the teacher represent the
not the commissioners . teacher the does represent
does not the . teacher represent the children
the teacher the students does not . represent
not defend president does . teacher the the
the . does teacher defend man not the
teacher . the not woman defend does the
minister teacher not . the defend does the
teacher defend . candidate does the the not
secretary teacher does the not defend the .
not the does teacher defend the . commissioner
defend child not the . does teacher the
. the the teacher defend not student does
defend not the the teacher does presidents .
men teacher does defend the . not the
the . defend the does teacher not women
does teacher not defend . the ministers the
teacher the the does not . candidates defend
defend . the teacher not secretaries the does
commissioners does the defend not the teacher .
does . not the teacher the children defend
not defend students the . the teacher does
teacher the not the president does . welcome
not the the . man welcome does teacher
does the teacher woman the not . welcome
does . minister the the welcome teacher not
teacher does not the the . welcome candidate
teacher the . secretary not welcome the does
. does the the commissioner not teacher welcome
teacher not child the the welcome . does
welcome not the . teacher does student the
presidents the welcome the teacher does not .
the teacher . does the not men welcome
not does teacher women the welcome . the
welcome teacher ministers does not . the the
the not . candidates does welcome the teacher
welcome . not teacher does secretaries the the
welcome does . commissioners not teacher the the
welcome does teacher the the children not .
. not students teacher the the welcome does
invite teacher president the . not the does
not . invite does the man the teacher
woman does . the not the teacher invite
the . invite the does not minister teacher
invite . candidate not the does the teacher
not secretary the the does teacher . invite
the not commissioner the teacher invite does .
not the . child teacher invite the does
the . student not the teacher does invite
presidents . does not the teacher invite the
not . men invite teacher the the does
not teacher . does the women invite the
the ministers does not invite the teacher .
invite does candidates the not . teacher the
. not secretaries does the the invite teacher
. the does invite commissioners not the teacher
the . teacher children not does invite the
the not does the teacher invite . students
not president attack teacher the the . does
. teacher man the the not attack does
. the not woman teacher the attack does
teacher not the does attack . minister the
candidate does attack the teacher . not the
does attack the . not secretary the teacher
the not attack . the does teacher commissioner
teacher does not the attack . child the
. teacher the attack the does not student
attack not presidents the . does the teacher
the men the does not teacher . attack
the not the . teacher women does attack
ministers attack does not the teacher the .
attack the candidates the teacher not does .
teacher not . secretaries the attack does the
commissioners the does teacher attack not the .
children the teacher the not attack . does
the not . the attack teacher students does
does teacher respect not president . the the
not the the teacher . does man respect
teacher the woman not respect the . does
not respect does the minister . the teacher
. respect candidate does the the not teacher
. the secretary not teacher does respect the
commissioner teacher does not respect . the the
. teacher the does the respect not child
student not respect the the teacher does .
teacher the the not . respect presidents does
teacher men does the . the not respect
women . does teacher not respect the the
not respect the the . teacher ministers does
respect the does the teacher not candidates .
the the secretaries respect not does . teacher
. respect teacher the does not the commissioners
respect the . not teacher the does children
the teacher . respect not does the students
teacher does president the not the replace .
not the teacher the . replace does man
the teacher replace the . does woman not
minister does replace . not teacher the the
not candidate the does teacher replace . the
. the replace secretary the teacher does not
. not commissioner the the does replace teacher
teacher the does not replace . the child
the the does replace . teacher not student
does presidents the teacher the not replace .
teacher men not . the does the replace
the the does replace women not . teacher
the teacher ministers . replace the not does
the replace the candidates does teacher . not
not teacher replace . does the secretaries the
. teacher not the the replace commissioners does
replace . does children the not the teacher
does teacher . not the students replace the
not does the exploit the president . teacher
man teacher does the . exploit not the
the . teacher exploit does woman the not
the . does minister teacher exploit the not
not candidate teacher the exploit . the does
does the secretary teacher the not . exploit
exploit does commissioner the teacher not . the
the . does not the teacher exploit child
does exploit not the teacher the student .
the presidents teacher exploit does . not the
the not men exploit does . teacher the
women the does teacher the not exploit .
the not exploit teacher ministers does the .
teacher does exploit the not the . candidates
teacher the not exploit the does . secretaries
exploit . does commissioners teacher the not the
the the . exploit children not does teacher
exploit students the does teacher not the .
the the . does thank president student not
student does thank man not the . the
the not woman thank student . does the
the thank student . does minister the not
does student not . candidate the the thank
the does student the thank . not secretary
. not thank commissioner does student the the
not student child the the thank . does
thank the does not student teacher the .
thank . not student the the presidents does
the does men the student . thank not
the . thank not does women student the
student the thank the . does ministers not
thank the student . does the not candidates
the does . the thank secretaries student not
does the not commissioners thank student the .
. the thank not children the does student
teachers thank the the does . not student
support student . not the president does the
student the man does the not support .
support does . the the student not woman
student not . the minister the does support
. candidate not does support the student the
the the . student secretary support does not
student support . does not commissioner the the
not the does the student support . child
the does not teacher student the . support
not support presidents student the . does the
not the support does the student men .
support the not . does the women student
not ministers student support . the the does
support candidates student the . the does not
not does the student support . secretaries the
student not does the . support commissioners the
support . student the not the does children
teachers not the does support the . student
not student the the . does represent president
the . student the represent not does man
the does the student not woman . represent
does represent the . minister the not student
the . candidate the not represent does student
the represent secretary . does the not student
does not the represent the . student commissioner
not the represent does the student . child
student the does teacher represent not the .
does represent student . not the presidents the
the the men student not does . represent
not the the represent women student does .
ministers does student represent . the not the
candidates does represent student . not the the
represent student does the secretaries . not the
. represent not does the the student commissioners
student . children does the the represent not
does the teachers represent . not the student
does defend . student the the not president
man . does defend the the student not
not . student does defend the the woman
defend the not minister student the . does
the defend the not candidate student does .
not student defend . the the does secretary
the does commissioner . the defend not student
does the student . not defend child the
the the not student teacher defend . does
the . not does presidents student the defend
the does men student defend the not .
defend women not student does . the the
defend student the ministers . not does the
student does the defend the not . candidates
not . the the does student defend secretaries
commissioners . student the not the defend does
the the defend not . student does children
student . defend does not teachers the the
president welcome . the does not the student
the man does the . welcome student not
not does woman student welcome the the .
. minister does the welcome not student the
does student . not candidate welcome the the
the welcome secretary does . not student the
the welcome . not the does commissioner student
child not welcome the the student . does
the the does student . teacher not welcome
welcome does student . the the presidents not
the student welcome does . the men not
welcome the student . does women the not
. the the ministers not student does welcome
the the not candidates student . does welcome
secretaries the the . does student not welcome
welcome the does . student commissioners not the
student . welcome the does children the not
welcome the . teachers does not the student
the president student the does invite not .
the man not invite the does . student
not the does woman . the invite student
the the invite does minister not student .
the not . the candidate invite does student
. the secretary invite student does the not
. the invite commissioner student the does not
the . the does not invite student child
does student . not the invite teacher the
not presidents . student does invite the the
the . not invite men student the does
not the the student women invite . does
invite not student does . ministers the the
student candidates not does . invite the the
invite not . does student the secretaries the
does . the student invite commissioners the not
does invite not the the children student .
the . teachers invite not student the does
the does student attack president not . the
student . the the attack man not does
. does student woman the the attack not
. does student the not attack the minister
does . candidate the student the attack not
. the student attack does the secretary not
not the . student the does attack commissioner
not the student . child does the attack
the . the not student attack does teacher
not does the student presidents attack the .
the does attack men . student the not
attack the the women student not . does
the the student does ministers not attack .
the candidates the does attack not . student
. does not attack secretaries student the the
attack the not does commissioners . student the
the . attack not children the student does
. student the the teachers attack not does
does president not . respect the student the
the respect man . student not does the
respect not woman the the student does .
student . the minister respect not the does
the student does . not the candidate respect
respect secretary student the does not the .
respect does not the student . commissioner the
not student child . the the respect does
the does . teacher not student respect the
presidents the does not student respect . the
. the respect the does not student men
student women does respect the not the .
respect the . the does not student ministers
does student the . the respect not candidates
the the respect secretaries . student does not
the respect commissioners does student the not .
. student children does the the not respect
not teachers respect does the . the student
does president the . student not the replace
replace . the man not the student does
. not the does the replace student woman
student does the not replace . the minister
student not the . does replace the candidate
student not the secretary the does . replace
replace does the the not student . commissioner
. child the does student replace the not
does the . replace not student the teacher
. presidents student not the the does replace
the replace not the student men does .
student . the replace women not the does
does replace not student ministers . the the
the . does student candidates replace the not
the student not secretaries the replace . does
replace the does student the . commissioners not
the student replace . children the does not
not replace does teachers the the . student
. the student the exploit not president does
. man student the does not the exploit
the . woman does the not student exploit
exploit the minister does student not the .
candidate the student exploit not the does .
secretary . exploit not the the student does
the the exploit not . does student commissioner
does . exploit not the the child student
. does the the exploit teacher not student
the not does exploit student presidents . the
the the does . student not exploit men
exploit does not women the . the student
student not exploit the the . does ministers
the the student exploit does . not candidates
student . not exploit does the the secretaries
does the commissioners not the student exploit .
the the . exploit student does not children
exploit not does . student teachers the the
thank . not man the the presidents do
. the presidents do thank not the woman
not the . thank presidents do minister the
the candidate do not . presidents the thank
secretary thank . the do not presidents the
thank the presidents the commissioner do not .
the the not child . presidents thank do
. teacher the not presidents thank do the
presidents thank do the . not student the
men not the thank do presidents the .
the women . thank the do presidents not
thank do presidents the not . ministers the
the thank the . candidates not do presidents
presidents secretaries the do . not thank the
the not the thank . do commissioners presidents
the thank presidents . the not do children
not thank do teachers the presidents . the
presidents the the thank not students do .
man . presidents do the not the support
presidents . support woman the do the not
support minister not the presidents . the do
presidents . the support the do candidate not
secretary do the support not presidents . the
not the commissioner . presidents do support the
not . child the do presidents support the
. support teacher do the the presidents not
support the not . the do presidents student
. presidents do not the support the men
the not do support presidents . women the
not . the presidents do support the ministers
support the not candidates the presidents . do
support not the secretaries presidents the do .
support . commissioners not do presidents the the
. children presidents not support the the do
the not support do presidents . teachers the
support presidents not the do the students .
the do . the represent presidents man not
do . the not woman presidents represent the
the minister presidents the . do not represent
represent . candidate not do the presidents the
the not do represent the . secretary presidents
the . presidents not represent do the commissioner
. child not do presidents represent the the
teacher not do presidents . the the represent
the . represent student the presidents not do
represent presidents the . not the men do
the do presidents . represent the not women
. represent presidents not ministers do the the
the do represent candidates . the presidents not
presidents secretaries not . represent the do the
presidents commissioners the do not represent the .
children do . not presidents represent the the
not presidents . do the the teachers represent
not . presidents represent do the students the
presidents defend . the do the man not
not defend the woman the . presidents do
not presidents the the defend . do minister
defend presidents not candidate the . the do
presidents defend do . not secretary the the
defend do commissioner not . the the presidents
the do the presidents child . not defend
defend not . presidents do the teacher the
not presidents student the . do defend the
. men the defend presidents not the do
women not the . defend presidents the do
the not defend . do the presidents ministers
the do defend . not candidates the presidents
. presidents secretaries do the not the defend
defend the the do . not commissioners presidents
do the presidents . the defend children not
teachers not defend the the . do presidents
students defend the presidents not . do the
do the the presidents . welcome man not
do . woman the presidents the not welcome
presidents . welcome minister not the the do
presidents not the do welcome . candidate the
. do secretary welcome the the presidents not
. the the do commissioner welcome presidents not
presidents the welcome not child do . the
the not welcome do presidents . teacher the
student welcome not presidents . do the the
welcome the the do presidents men . not
not presidents women the do the . welcome
do ministers the not welcome the . presidents
presidents not candidates the welcome . the do
the secretaries welcome do . not presidents the
the commissioners not the presidents . do welcome
welcome children do not the presidents . the
the not the teachers . presidents welcome do
welcome do . not students presidents the the
the the do invite presidents . not man
invite woman presidents the the do not .
do . minister invite presidents not the the
. presidents invite candidate do the the not
not invite do presidents the the . secretary
presidents invite not . do commissioner the the
invite not presidents the the child . do
the invite teacher do . not the presidents
student the not . the invite do presidents
the not men invite do presidents . the
the invite the do not presidents women .
presidents ministers the do the . not invite
not do invite the presidents the . candidates
do the presidents . secretaries the not invite
invite . the the not presidents do commissioners
presidents the . the do children invite not
invite the presidents . do not teachers the
the presidents students do invite the not .
the man not . do presidents attack the
attack the do woman . not the presidents
the the attack do minister . not presidents
presidents . candidate the not attack the do
. the attack not presidents do the secretary
. the commissioner presidents attack the not do
child presidents do not attack the . the
the presidents teacher attack the not . do
presidents do attack the the . student not
attack men the not the . do presidents
attack the . women presidents do the not
ministers do presidents not . attack the the
attack not presidents . candidates the the do
do . the attack secretaries the not presidents
the do attack commissioners the . not presidents
the . presidents not attack the children do
do teachers the presidents the . attack not
the . the attack presidents not do students
the not respect presidents do . man the
do not the . presidents woman the respect
do respect the minister not presidents . the
. respect candidate the do the not presidents
the presidents do not the respect . secretary
commissioner the . do the respect presidents not
do child the not the presidents respect .
respect presidents the not the teacher do .
respect not . presidents student the do the
do the men presidents the not respect .
presidents the women not . do the respect
the do respect presidents . ministers the not
presidents respect candidates not . the the do
not . do presidents the secretaries the respect
do . the the not presidents respect commissioners
not presidents do respect the the children .
. the teachers the presidents not respect do
presidents the students respect not . the do
the the presidents . man replace not do
presidents the woman . the replace not do
presidents . not replace do the the minister
presidents candidate the replace the . not do
presidents . the not secretary replace do the
not commissioner do replace . presidents the the
replace not . do child presidents the the
replace presidents the the do teacher not .
the do not the replace presidents student .
do . the not replace men presidents the
replace the . the women do not presidents
. ministers presidents the replace not the do
the candidates do not presidents replace . the
secretaries . the presidents do the not replace
do commissioners the the presidents . not replace
do children the . not the replace presidents
replace presidents the . teachers do not the
. students not do the replace the presidents
the do the . exploit man not presidents
not the presidents the woman exploit . do
. minister do presidents the not exploit the
candidate not do presidents the exploit . the
secretary . do exploit presidents the the not
exploit . the not commissioner the presidents do
not exploit . the do the presidents child
exploit the presidents . teacher do the not
not the do . exploit student the presidents
men not presidents . the do exploit the
women presidents not do the exploit . the
not exploit ministers do the presidents the .
the the not do exploit presidents . candidates
exploit . the the presidents do not secretaries
the commissioners . presidents not the exploit do
exploit do . the not presidents the children
the . do exploit presidents not the teachers
not . exploit do the students the presidents
the president thank do men not . the
do the thank woman men the not .
men thank . the minister the do not
thank men candidate . not do the the
do secretary thank men . not the the
do not men thank . commissioner the the
do . not men the child thank the
. the men do not teacher thank the
the . thank men the do not student
not men . the the thank presidents do
do the the men thank women . not
men . thank ministers the do the not
not do candidates the the men thank .
do secretaries the not men the thank .
men commissioners the do . not the thank
do the thank the men . not children
the . not thank the men do teachers
the . do students the not men thank
. men president do not the the support
men not do . the the woman support
do men not the the . support minister
. not do the candidate the men support
men the the secretary . do not support
support . the commissioner men not the do
child do men not support the the .
not the teacher do the men . support
student support the the not do . men
support presidents the the do . not men
men support the not do women . the
men ministers support not . the the do
candidates the do . support not the men
support not secretaries do the men . the
men do the the support not . commissioners
men support the not the . do children
do the . teachers not support the men
support not do the . the men students
men represent . the the not do president
. woman represent men not do the the
do the not minister . men represent the
. not candidate the men do the represent
do represent men the the not secretary .
do commissioner the the men represent . not
men the child represent not . do the
the do the not represent . men teacher
do . men not student the the represent
presidents men the represent not do the .
the women represent the . men not do
represent . the men ministers not the do
not men . the the candidates represent do
secretaries the . the represent men do not
the not commissioners . do men represent the
the do not . represent children the men
represent the do . men the not teachers
not the do students . represent the men
men the . not the do president defend
defend woman do . men the not the
do the minister the men . not defend
men do candidate defend not . the the
secretary do not . defend the men the
not commissioner men defend . the the do
. do not men the defend the child
teacher not the defend do the . men
. men not student the the defend do
the do defend not the presidents . men
women the the men defend not do .
the not . ministers defend do men the
candidates . defend the do the men not
not secretaries men do defend the the .
not defend the the men commissioners . do
men the children not the . defend do
defend . the the men not do teachers
students the not men the do . defend
welcome the men the . do president not
the the do . not woman welcome men
the . not minister the men welcome do
the do welcome men . the not candidate
the do welcome secretary men not . the
the men do . the commissioner not welcome
welcome child men not the do . the
the men do not welcome the . teacher
not the . do the student men welcome
do the men . not presidents the welcome
men women do welcome . the not the
welcome the the . men ministers do not
men do the candidates the not . welcome
the welcome men . do the secretaries not
the . not welcome men the commissioners do
the welcome the not . men do children
. teachers welcome the not the men do
students the men welcome do not . the
invite . men do president not the the
. woman the not men the invite do
the the minister do not invite men .
invite candidate men not . do the the
the . invite do not men the secretary
. men not the the do commissioner invite
the do invite men . child the not
invite men do . the not the teacher
not the do invite men . student the
not the presidents invite . do men the
not men women . the do the invite
invite do the ministers men the . not
the the candidates men not do . invite
the not the invite . men secretaries do
do the commissioners not men invite . the
the invite not . the do children men
the the . teachers men not invite do
invite do students the the not men .
the do attack men not president the .
attack do the woman not men the .
do minister men the the not attack .
attack the do . the candidate men not
the men attack . not do the secretary
the not men do the commissioner . attack
the do not . attack child the men
not teacher men the do . the attack
the do . the student attack not men
the presidents the attack do . men not
attack men . do the not the women
. not do attack ministers the the men
candidates the men not . attack do the
do the . men attack secretaries not the
do not . men commissioners the the attack
attack the children not do . the men
. the teachers do the not attack men
students the men the attack not do .
men . the the do president not respect
the the woman not respect men do .
men the minister not the respect . do
do not the respect . the men candidate
respect the do not . secretary men the
. the not respect do commissioner the men
men the not child . do respect the
. not do the the respect men teacher
. the student respect the do not men
the presidents the respect . do not men
women the do the respect . not men
the . do respect men the ministers not
not men the . do respect candidates the
men . the secretaries respect the not do
. not respect do men the the commissioners
. the children not respect men the do
the the respect not . do men teachers
the students the respect do not . men
do the men not president replace . the
. the replace do men woman the not
replace the not minister . men do the
the men do the . replace candidate not
. do not secretary the the men replace
not the do the men commissioner replace .
men the the child replace not do .
teacher . men the do the not replace
replace the do . not the men student
the replace presidents the . men not do
not women replace the men do . the
replace the do . the ministers men not
the do men the replace candidates not .
the do . men replace secretaries the not
the not replace . the men do commissioners
replace men children not do . the the
do the men replace . not the teachers
not replace the men do students . the
president not do . the men the exploit
do the not . exploit the men woman
do the minister the exploit . men not
not men the exploit . candidate the do
the not exploit do secretary . men the
the . commissioner exploit not do men the
men exploit not child the do . the
the do teacher the men exploit not .
do the not . exploit the student men
do not the exploit the presidents men .
men exploit the women . do the not
ministers . exploit men the the do not
exploit men . the not candidates do the
not do exploit . the secretaries the men
. exploit men the commissioners not do the
the children exploit do the not . men
. the not the do teachers men exploit
men do the students exploit . the not
the president . thank women the do not
man not do thank . women the the
. do minister the the women not thank
candidate not thank women the do . the
. the secretary do thank the women not
thank women . do commissioner the the not
the do women child . not the thank
women the . the thank teacher not do
student . the not thank women the do
thank presidents not women the . the do
do women not thank . the men the
do ministers . not the women thank the
. women the candidates the not thank do
secretaries the . thank do not the women
women commissioners do . the the not thank
thank . women do the the children not
do the teachers the thank . not women
thank students the the . women not do
the not the president women do support .
the man . the do women support not
the not . support women minister do the
do the the not . women candidate support
do the women support the not . secretary
not the support women commissioner . do the
support the women . do not child the
women support . do the the teacher not
. the women not student the support do
presidents . support do women the not the
not the . the men support do women
women not do the support ministers . the
candidates the support the not . do women
the secretaries not support . women the do
do the the support women not commissioners .
the not . children do women the support
the . women the support do not teachers
the women the support not do . students
represent do the the not . president women
do the women man . the represent not
women do minister the represent not . the
women the candidate the represent not do .
women not secretary represent do the the .
the women represent not do the . commissioner
the women represent do . child the not
women teacher . do the not the represent
the represent not the do student women .
represent . not do the the presidents women
. the women do the men represent not
women represent not the . do ministers the
represent . the do women the not candidates
represent women . secretaries do the not the
the do women . represent not commissioners the
not children . represent the women the do
do the represent teachers not women . the
women students represent not the . the do
defend do not president the the women .
. the women man the do not defend
the defend the women do . minister not
women candidate . not defend the do the
the the women do secretary . not defend
defend women commissioner the . not the do
women do the . defend the child not
. women defend the teacher the not do
do women . not defend the student the
presidents the the defend not do women .
the defend the men . do not women
the the . ministers defend women not do
not the defend the women do . candidates
women defend . the the secretaries not do
commissioners do women the not defend . the
women the children not do the defend .
women defend . the do the not teachers
the . defend women do the not students
not . the welcome the women do president
the women . man welcome not do the
the the women not do minister . welcome
the . women do welcome candidate the not
secretary the the women . not welcome do
women welcome do . the commissioner the not
do child the not welcome . women the
welcome . not the teacher the do women
not . the welcome student do women the
welcome do presidents the not women the .
. do welcome the not the men women
do . ministers the not welcome women the
welcome the candidates not . do women the
. do secretaries welcome not the the women
welcome not the the women commissioners . do
the the . children not women welcome do
. do women the the welcome not teachers
welcome the . the not women do students
president not do invite women . the the
women . the the man do not invite
women the the invite minister . do not
. the not the candidate invite women do
not women secretary do the the invite .
the . do the commissioner not women invite
child not the women the do invite .
the teacher the do . women not invite
the women the do student not invite .
. do presidents not the women invite the
men . the women do not the invite
ministers invite women not the . do the
candidates do the women the not invite .
do the . women not invite the secretaries
the do invite commissioners not . the women
the . invite do children women the not
teachers do invite the not the . women
not do . the invite students the women
president . attack do not the women the
not . the women do attack the man
. the the attack not women minister do
the not do . women the attack candidate
the attack do women the . not secretary
women the not commissioner . the do attack
the child not . attack women do the
the attack teacher not . the do women
attack . women the do not the student
attack the not women . presidents do the
attack the the women . not do men
attack not the women ministers . the do
. the candidates do attack the women not
attack the the women not secretaries do .
attack do women . the not commissioners the
not children women attack . the do the
. women the not the teachers do attack
the students do women not the attack .
do not the president . women respect the
. women man the not the do respect
minister not the the women do . respect
do . the candidate not the respect women
do not secretary the . the respect women
commissioner do not the women respect the .
child respect do women the the not .
women teacher respect . not the do the
. respect the women the not do student
the women respect the do presidents . not
. not do women the men respect the
ministers not do respect the women the .
women respect do the the . not candidates
not . secretaries the do respect women the
. respect commissioners the not women do the
. do the respect women the children not
not teachers . respect women do the the
. not students respect the the do women
not president the . the women replace do
. do the women replace not man the
women the not minister the . do replace
replace do women the . candidate not the
replace do secretary the not women . the
the commissioner replace the not women do .
women replace . child not do the the
the teacher do women . replace not the
not do women the student . replace the
replace . women not presidents do the the
not the men replace the . do women
do not the the . ministers replace women
not the candidates the women replace do .
secretaries the do replace women . not the
. not commissioners replace women do the the
not women . replace do children the the
replace women the . do teachers not the
women students replace . the do not the
the . women the president exploit not do
man women the exploit . do the not
the not do women the exploit minister .
not do candidate exploit the the . women
women secretary the not do exploit . the
do exploit the the women . not commissioner
women do . not child exploit the the
. teacher exploit the women the do not
not the student do women exploit the .
exploit not presidents do the the . women
women not do the men exploit the .
. ministers women not exploit the the do
women not candidates do . the the exploit
the secretaries exploit women . the do not
commissioners . the do not women the exploit
the children . the women not exploit do
do teachers exploit the the . not women
do . the exploit women not the students
ministers the the not thank do . president
not the the do . ministers thank man
woman the do the . not ministers thank
candidate ministers do thank . the not the
the thank ministers not secretary the . do
do the thank . ministers commissioner not the
do the . not the ministers thank child
the ministers . not teacher the do thank
. the the not ministers student thank do
. not the presidents do thank the ministers
the the not thank do . men ministers
women thank ministers do the . not the
ministers . candidates thank do not the the
. thank the the do not secretaries ministers
ministers the the thank not . do commissioners
. children do the the thank not ministers
not . teachers do thank the the ministers
the the ministers thank do students not .
the ministers do . support the president not
the man ministers . support not do the
not support woman ministers the do . the
support the ministers . do candidate not the
ministers . secretary do support not the the
not support the do commissioner . the ministers
the child do . support the ministers not
. not ministers the do the teacher support
the ministers . student not support do the
do . ministers not support the the presidents
men . the do not support ministers the
not women do ministers . the support the
. candidates not the do ministers the support
. ministers support do secretaries not the the
commissioners do . the not the ministers support
do not . support ministers the the children
support teachers ministers not do the . the
ministers do the the . support students not
do not the president . the ministers represent
the man the do not . ministers represent
the represent ministers . not woman do the
ministers . the do represent candidate the not
the . the not ministers do represent secretary
the ministers represent not . the commissioner do
represent ministers . child the do the not
teacher ministers the not do represent the .
not do student the the . represent ministers
the do ministers represent . not the presidents
represent ministers men the do the not .
the . not the represent do women ministers
ministers not the represent the . candidates do
. represent secretaries ministers not do the the
ministers the represent not do commissioners . the
ministers represent do children not . the the
not ministers teachers the represent the . do
the the students not ministers represent . do
not . do ministers the the defend president
the the do . defend ministers not man
defend not do woman the the ministers .
defend not candidate do ministers the . the
the . ministers the defend not do secretary
do . not the commissioner defend the ministers
the defend child . not do ministers the
teacher defend ministers do the . not the
ministers . defend the the not do student
do . ministers defend presidents the the not
do ministers . defend men the not the
the women defend ministers . not do the
candidates do defend not the . the ministers
not the secretaries do ministers . the defend
ministers do the the . not defend commissioners
do defend not the children . the ministers
. defend ministers the teachers not do the
do ministers the . students defend the not
president the the ministers do welcome not .
the welcome the not ministers do . man
. the ministers not do welcome woman the
welcome candidate ministers . do the not the
the ministers do not . the secretary welcome
the ministers commissioner the do welcome not .
do the welcome the not ministers child .
teacher not do the the ministers . welcome
do . the the welcome not student ministers
presidents ministers the do . not welcome the
do . ministers welcome the the not men
ministers the not do women . the welcome
not ministers the the candidates . welcome do
do welcome not . secretaries the the ministers
. commissioners not the ministers the welcome do
the the . welcome children ministers do not
welcome teachers . the ministers not do the
not . ministers the welcome the do students
. the president ministers not do invite the
do not the ministers . the man invite
do . the woman not ministers invite the
candidate do ministers invite . not the the
secretary invite the ministers not do . the
ministers invite . commissioner the not the do
the do invite ministers . child the not
. not ministers the do the invite teacher
not invite student do ministers the . the
the do presidents . not invite ministers the
the ministers invite . not the do men
. invite not the women do the ministers
do the not . candidates the ministers invite
invite the ministers the do . not secretaries
the commissioners . invite ministers not the do
ministers children the do the . not invite
teachers ministers . the invite do not the
do invite the . not students ministers the
do ministers . the attack not the president
the man . not ministers the attack do
woman the ministers not attack the do .
ministers do the not . candidate attack the
ministers . attack the not the secretary do
commissioner attack the . do ministers not the
. child not attack ministers do the the
ministers not . the teacher attack the do
ministers attack . do the not student the
not the the . presidents do ministers attack
. ministers men the do attack the not
attack women not do . the the ministers
do . ministers not the attack the candidates
ministers not attack . do the the secretaries
ministers the commissioners do . attack not the
the . children ministers not attack the do
. attack teachers do the the not ministers
ministers the not attack . the students do
not president respect the do the . ministers
the not do . the respect ministers man
. ministers respect do the woman not the
. do candidate the not the respect ministers
respect the . the do secretary ministers not
commissioner the not ministers do the . respect
not . child respect the ministers the do
. not respect the do teacher ministers the
ministers respect not the do student the .
respect not do the . presidents the ministers
respect . ministers the do the men not
respect . women ministers the the not do
ministers respect . not do candidates the the
the ministers not . the respect secretaries do
the commissioners the respect ministers . not do
respect the not children . do ministers the
respect ministers teachers not the do . the
respect not the ministers students . do the
president ministers . not replace the do the
the the not replace man ministers do .
do replace . ministers the woman not the
replace the . do not ministers the candidate
. the replace secretary not the do ministers
. not the replace do ministers the commissioner
child not . ministers replace the do the
ministers teacher the replace not . do the
do not the student . replace the ministers
ministers . presidents not the replace the do
ministers the the men not replace . do
the do ministers the replace . women not
. do candidates ministers the replace not the
the do not the secretaries ministers . replace
not the ministers do commissioners the . replace
children not . the do ministers replace the
the not teachers the do . ministers replace
replace the not ministers the students . do
the the ministers do . not exploit president
the do ministers the not man exploit .
exploit the do the not . ministers woman
the not the . candidate exploit do ministers
the the exploit . do not secretary ministers
the exploit ministers do . not the commissioner
ministers . do child the the not exploit
not the teacher do . the ministers exploit
ministers . the do exploit not the student
. presidents the not do the exploit ministers
the exploit ministers the men not do .
not do . the exploit ministers women the
exploit ministers candidates not the . the do
not ministers the do exploit the . secretaries
commissioners the . do not ministers exploit the
exploit ministers children not . the do the
not . teachers the the ministers do exploit
the students exploit do the not . ministers
thank not . candidates president the the do
thank candidates the man not . the do
the not woman the . thank do candidates
candidates minister not the thank the do .
thank the . secretary not do the candidates
the the . not do thank candidates commissioner
candidates not do the . thank child the
teacher candidates the the do not thank .
the the student . do not thank candidates
presidents not candidates thank . the the do
candidates thank men do . not the the
women do . the not thank candidates the
the the do ministers thank not . candidates
the not secretaries thank do the . candidates
candidates not do . thank the the commissioners
the not candidates children thank do . the
not the candidates the . teachers thank do
thank candidates the do not . the students
not the president support candidates do the .
. the do not man the support candidates
candidates do not the woman . the support
minister candidates not the support the . do
the support candidates the secretary not . do
commissioner candidates . not do the support the
the the candidates . not do support child
do candidates the the support not teacher .
do the candidates the support not . student
support presidents . do the not the candidates
the do the men support . not candidates
women candidates the the . support not do
the do not . candidates ministers the support
do secretaries the the . not support candidates
the not the support commissioners . candidates do
do not the . candidates the children support
support teachers not candidates do the the .
support not do . students the the candidates
the . do the president not candidates represent
candidates . the man represent do the not
. the the not candidates do represent woman
. candidates minister not the the represent do
candidates do represent the not . secretary the
represent candidates not commissioner do the the .
candidates do the not represent child . the
not the teacher . do the represent candidates
. student do not the represent the candidates
candidates the represent do the . not presidents
candidates the the do . represent not men
women the . candidates do not represent the
candidates the do . the not represent ministers
secretaries the not do . the represent candidates
do not commissioners . represent the candidates the
the the do children represent . not candidates
represent candidates the not . do teachers the
. students the not candidates do represent the
the . the defend president candidates not do
the man do not the defend . candidates
. the woman the do defend not candidates
candidates do the defend not the minister .
. not secretary candidates the do the defend
the not candidates defend do the commissioner .
defend do the not candidates . child the
the teacher not candidates the . defend do
not the candidates . student the do defend
do . not the presidents defend candidates the
defend not . do candidates the men the
women defend the candidates do the not .
. the ministers defend candidates the do not
secretaries the . defend not do candidates the
candidates not do the the defend commissioners .
. do defend children the the not candidates
do defend . not the teachers the candidates
defend the the candidates students do not .
not candidates the . do welcome president the
do the . welcome not candidates man the
the woman candidates welcome the not . do
welcome minister the candidates the do not .
. the do not secretary welcome the candidates
candidates welcome the the do not commissioner .
not welcome do the . candidates the child
teacher the candidates not the . welcome do
the not welcome the do . candidates student
. the welcome the not do presidents candidates
welcome candidates the the . not do men
women not candidates the do welcome the .
the ministers . candidates not welcome do the
welcome do . not the secretaries the candidates
commissioners candidates the not the do . welcome
children the do not the welcome candidates .
teachers do the . candidates welcome not the
the the do students not welcome candidates .
invite the . president not do candidates the
candidates invite man not the the . do
woman the not the . do candidates invite
candidates do minister not the the . invite
the secretary candidates the do invite not .
do the . commissioner the invite not candidates
child . the the not candidates do invite
candidates the . do invite not the teacher
the candidates invite the do . not student
do not invite . the presidents the candidates
do . not the the invite men candidates
do the women . candidates not the invite
the do ministers the not invite candidates .
do invite the candidates secretaries . the not
commissioners candidates invite not . do the the
candidates children the invite . not the do
the not the invite . candidates do teachers
the . the do candidates invite students not
do not the president the candidates attack .
the . not attack candidates do the man
the woman candidates the do . attack not
. candidates do the not the attack minister
candidates the not secretary . the do attack
. the not the candidates attack do commissioner
the not candidates attack child . the do
not do the candidates . teacher the attack
. candidates the do the attack student not
not attack candidates do the the presidents .
do not men the the candidates . attack
the do the attack not women . candidates
. not candidates the the attack ministers do
the . do not secretaries candidates attack the
. do the not the candidates commissioners attack
attack children the candidates not . the do
the the candidates do not . teachers attack
candidates do the the not . students attack
not the respect candidates . the do president
the do not candidates . man the respect
respect candidates the the woman not . do
not the . do minister the respect candidates
respect . not the the do candidates secretary
do commissioner respect the not candidates the .
the candidates not child . the respect do
respect not candidates . the teacher the do
respect do the student not the candidates .
not the respect do candidates . the presidents
not respect . the candidates do men the
the women not the candidates . respect do
ministers candidates do the respect the not .
respect candidates do the the not . secretaries
the respect not . do the candidates commissioners
the children not candidates the . respect do
. teachers not do respect the the candidates
respect . do the the students candidates not
do replace candidates . the president not the
candidates do . not replace the the man
candidates woman replace the do the not .
the do the not replace candidates . minister
secretary the . the do candidates replace not
the replace candidates do . the commissioner not
replace the child not do the candidates .
teacher the candidates . replace do the not
student not the the candidates do . replace
candidates replace the . not presidents do the
not do replace . the candidates men the
the do the not women candidates replace .
replace ministers the . do candidates not the
not candidates replace do the secretaries . the
the candidates the not commissioners . replace do
candidates the the children do not . replace
do candidates the not . replace the teachers
do replace students candidates the not . the
president . not the exploit do candidates the
candidates man not the do the . exploit
the not do candidates . exploit woman the
the candidates . not minister the exploit do
. do exploit candidates the secretary the not
. the the do commissioner candidates exploit not
child the do the candidates not exploit .
not candidates . the exploit teacher the do
. the the not candidates exploit do student
. do presidents not exploit the the candidates
. exploit not the do candidates men the
the exploit not candidates . do women the
not candidates ministers exploit . the do the
the secretaries candidates the do . exploit not
not candidates commissioners exploit the do the .
children . do the exploit not candidates the
candidates . the the not exploit teachers do
. the exploit students the do candidates not
the . do thank president the not secretaries
secretaries the the not thank . man do
not secretaries thank do the the woman .
the not do minister thank the secretaries .
. do thank candidate the not secretaries the
do the the . not thank commissioner secretaries
child the not . thank do secretaries the
do thank the the not teacher secretaries .
student thank secretaries the not do the .
do the the . thank secretaries not presidents
not thank men secretaries the do . the
women not thank the . do the secretaries
secretaries do . the not the thank ministers
candidates not the . secretaries the thank do
commissioners secretaries . thank not the the do
the secretaries children . thank not the do
the teachers do secretaries not the . thank
not students the the . do thank secretaries
the not president do the secretaries support .
not do . support man the secretaries the
the do . the secretaries not support woman
. the support not the do secretaries minister
not the support . do secretaries candidate the
support the the commissioner do secretaries . not
secretaries the child do not . the support
. not the the teacher support do secretaries
secretaries support not . the student do the
secretaries the support the presidents do . not
the men do not support secretaries . the
secretaries women support do the . not the
. the do ministers secretaries not the support
. the the do not support secretaries candidates
the the support . secretaries do commissioners not
support do not the children the . secretaries
not the support secretaries teachers the . do
students not secretaries the do the support .
represent president not the secretaries . do the
the not represent man secretaries do . the
represent do not secretaries the . woman the
secretaries the not represent minister do the .
not the the represent do secretaries . candidate
the represent do not . commissioner secretaries the
the child do represent secretaries the not .
represent secretaries . teacher the not do the
do represent the not secretaries the . student
secretaries the the represent do presidents . not
secretaries represent men not the . the do
secretaries women represent the . the not do
do ministers the not the . represent secretaries
. do the secretaries not candidates the represent
secretaries the not represent commissioners do the .
the not represent . do the secretaries children
. the the represent secretaries teachers not do
the secretaries not . do represent students the
do defend secretaries not president the the .
defend . man secretaries the not do the
do secretaries defend woman not the . the
minister . secretaries do the defend the not
candidate not do defend the . the secretaries
. do not commissioner the the secretaries defend
child the do secretaries defend the not .
teacher secretaries . defend the the do not
secretaries . defend student do not the the
the presidents secretaries do not the defend .
the not defend do . men the secretaries
women do . not the defend secretaries the
defend the ministers the not do . secretaries
the candidates do not the defend . secretaries
defend secretaries . commissioners the do not the
do secretaries the . the defend children not
do the defend not . secretaries teachers the
do secretaries the not the defend . students
president welcome the the . do secretaries not
man not the secretaries do the welcome .
welcome the not the woman . do secretaries
minister the the not welcome secretaries . do
the not . the secretaries welcome candidate do
not the do . commissioner the welcome secretaries
welcome the secretaries not the child . do
teacher not . secretaries welcome the the do
welcome student not the secretaries the . do
secretaries do presidents the the welcome . not
men the not do the welcome secretaries .
the secretaries not women do . the welcome
. ministers the secretaries welcome not do the
the candidates welcome not the do . secretaries
commissioners secretaries welcome the do the . not
secretaries children the the not do welcome .
not the teachers . secretaries the do welcome
the do secretaries the welcome . students not
not president secretaries do . invite the the
invite do not man secretaries the . the
do not . the secretaries the woman invite
secretaries not the do . invite the minister
the candidate the . invite do not secretaries
the the invite commissioner do not secretaries .
secretaries . the not the do invite child
. teacher secretaries do not invite the the
the secretaries the invite do not student .
do secretaries invite the the presidents . not
men . not the invite secretaries the do
not the secretaries the invite . do women
the invite the do not secretaries . ministers
not secretaries the the do . invite candidates
. the not invite commissioners do secretaries the
the do the children . not invite secretaries
not teachers do secretaries invite the . the
invite do . not the the secretaries students
secretaries attack the . president not do the
not secretaries attack do . the man the
the . woman not attack secretaries do the
the the minister secretaries . do not attack
do secretaries not candidate . attack the the
do secretaries . the not attack commissioner the
do secretaries the attack the . not child
not the attack the do secretaries teacher .
not student the . secretaries do attack the
secretaries the . do presidents the attack not
secretaries not the men . do the attack
do attack women . the secretaries not the
. secretaries the the not attack ministers do
do the secretaries not . the candidates attack
secretaries the attack not commissioners . do the
children the . attack not do the secretaries
secretaries not . teachers the do attack the
attack secretaries the the not do . students
do . the respect not president secretaries the
. not respect the man the secretaries do
not . the the secretaries do woman respect
. secretaries not minister the do respect the
do secretaries respect the not the . candidate
the commissioner not respect the . do secretaries
not child the . do secretaries the respect
do not the secretaries teacher respect the .
the student . not the secretaries do respect
do not the secretaries . respect the presidents
not the . secretaries men respect do the
secretaries the not respect . women the do
. the do the not secretaries respect ministers
not . the candidates the respect do secretaries
do commissioners respect the the . secretaries not
the not . the do secretaries respect children
respect the teachers do not secretaries . the
the respect the do students . secretaries not
replace president . secretaries not the the do
man secretaries replace do . the not the
do not woman secretaries the the . replace
minister replace . do secretaries the not the
not the . secretaries candidate the replace do
not replace do . the commissioner secretaries the
secretaries . not do replace the the child
teacher the secretaries . do replace the not
. secretaries student not the the do replace
not . the do secretaries presidents the replace
the not . men replace do secretaries the
do . secretaries women the the not replace
do . not ministers secretaries replace the the
the replace do . candidates secretaries the not
the replace the not secretaries do . commissioners
not secretaries . replace children the the do
replace do the secretaries not . the teachers
students do secretaries the replace . the not
. president the secretaries do the exploit not
do secretaries exploit not the man . the
do woman not secretaries exploit . the the
minister not do exploit the secretaries . the
. the candidate secretaries exploit the not do
the the secretaries commissioner do exploit . not
exploit the do the child . not secretaries
secretaries teacher the not . exploit the do
student exploit . the do secretaries not the
not the the . do secretaries exploit presidents
secretaries men the do . the not exploit
exploit . secretaries women not the do the
exploit the . secretaries ministers not do the
the candidates do the secretaries not . exploit
not do secretaries the commissioners the . exploit
not the children . exploit secretaries the do
secretaries the not teachers do exploit . the
students exploit secretaries not . the the do
the president do commissioners the . not thank
commissioners not do . the thank man the
commissioners do woman . thank the the not
the . commissioners the not minister thank do
not do the commissioners the thank . candidate
the . commissioners do the thank secretary not
not the commissioners child do the . thank
the not the thank commissioners teacher do .
the not the do . thank commissioners student
. the not thank do presidents commissioners the
not thank . the commissioners men the do
not commissioners the . do the thank women
not ministers commissioners thank the do . the
do commissioners candidates thank the not . the
do secretaries commissioners thank the not . the
children . the not do the commissioners thank
do teachers . the not the commissioners thank
. not students commissioners the the do thank
do . not support the the president commissioners
commissioners do man the not . support the
the commissioners not . do the woman support
the commissioners minister do not . the support
. commissioners the support do not candidate the
do the not commissioners support the . secretary
child the not the do support commissioners .
commissioners not the support the . teacher do
the not do the . student support commissioners
the . the do not commissioners support presidents
do not commissioners support . the men the
commissioners the . not women the do support
not commissioners the do the . support ministers
. candidates do commissioners not the support the
secretaries . the not do the commissioners support
support the . the do not commissioners children
the support . teachers not do the commissioners
support . commissioners the do the not students
. president the commissioners represent do the not
do represent commissioners not the man the .
represent do . not commissioners woman the the
commissioners . not the represent do minister the
not candidate do commissioners the represent . the
the . do commissioners secretary not represent the
the represent commissioners child . do not the
do the the teacher . represent not commissioners
not student the do . the represent commissioners
represent presidents . do the commissioners the not
. the not the men represent do commissioners
represent the not do women . the commissioners
. the the not represent ministers do commissioners
candidates do . the represent not the commissioners
the represent the . do not commissioners secretaries
do represent the the . children commissioners not
do not commissioners teachers the represent . the
the commissioners not do . represent the students
president do the . commissioners defend not the
the . defend commissioners do the not man
. commissioners defend not do the woman the
not the the commissioners defend . minister do
the do commissioners not defend . candidate the
defend the do the commissioners . not secretary
not do commissioners child the defend the .
commissioners defend do . the the not teacher
do defend not commissioners the the . student
the defend not . presidents the commissioners do
defend the not do . men the commissioners
the the not do . commissioners women defend
do defend the not ministers . commissioners the
defend . not commissioners the the candidates do
not commissioners the secretaries do the . defend
children defend not the do the commissioners .
the not teachers defend . commissioners the do
. not students the defend the commissioners do
president not welcome the commissioners . do the
man the welcome the . not commissioners do
commissioners woman the not do welcome the .
. not welcome do the minister the commissioners
welcome not the candidate do the commissioners .
the welcome commissioners secretary . do the not
welcome do commissioners not the . child the
do the . not commissioners teacher welcome the
the . do welcome commissioners the student not
do the commissioners . the welcome not presidents
the welcome men the not do commissioners .
not commissioners . do women welcome the the
the welcome not do . the ministers commissioners
not commissioners . candidates the welcome do the
the do commissioners . secretaries not the welcome
commissioners welcome the not the children . do
commissioners welcome . not the teachers do the
the welcome not do the students commissioners .
not do the president invite commissioners . the
. not the man do the commissioners invite
the commissioners the do not invite woman .
do not the commissioners invite the . minister
the commissioners the do . candidate invite not
the secretary do commissioners not . the invite
do commissioners the not the . invite child
commissioners teacher the not . invite the do
the the student do commissioners not . invite
. the not invite the presidents commissioners do
the commissioners not invite the . do men
do the invite commissioners the not . women
. ministers do not commissioners invite the the
. invite do candidates not the commissioners the
not secretaries commissioners the invite . the do
do invite children the . the commissioners not
teachers invite commissioners the do not the .
the . do the commissioners invite not students
president . commissioners the attack do not the
attack commissioners . man the the not do
the not woman do . the commissioners attack
the attack do commissioners the not minister .
. not the candidate the do commissioners attack
not the the do attack . secretary commissioners
not the child do attack . the commissioners
the . attack commissioners do teacher not the
student the commissioners not attack do . the
not the the presidents attack commissioners . do
attack the commissioners do . the men not
the . commissioners do the not attack women
commissioners ministers not do . attack the the
attack commissioners the the . do not candidates
do attack the secretaries commissioners not . the
commissioners the not . the attack children do
not . commissioners attack the teachers the do
commissioners students not attack the . do the
not respect president do the the commissioners .
respect commissioners not do the . man the
do respect commissioners not the the woman .
not do . the respect the minister commissioners
do commissioners not . the respect the candidate
do the respect . not commissioners the secretary
commissioners the . do the child not respect
the the commissioners . not teacher respect do
commissioners the student not respect . do the
respect not presidents the do . commissioners the
the not the . do men respect commissioners
the do not women . the commissioners respect
ministers not the respect commissioners . the do
not the do the commissioners . respect candidates
secretaries . do respect commissioners not the the
not respect children do the the commissioners .
respect not . the commissioners do teachers the
the students respect do commissioners the not .
commissioners replace not president the . do the
do man not the commissioners the . replace
woman . commissioners the not replace do the
not . the replace do commissioners the minister
. the not replace the candidate commissioners do
the do the secretary not commissioners . replace
. replace the not commissioners the child do
replace teacher do . the not the commissioners
replace the commissioners student . do the not
presidents the do . replace commissioners the not
replace men the the . not do commissioners
replace do . the not commissioners women the
ministers . commissioners replace do the not the
the candidates replace . not commissioners the do
the the commissioners replace do secretaries not .
commissioners replace . do children the not the
. the do the not teachers commissioners replace
students . not do commissioners replace the the
the the exploit . do commissioners not president
commissioners the not do . exploit the man
the do the woman . exploit commissioners not
exploit the the minister commissioners not . do
do the commissioners candidate exploit the . not
do secretary commissioners the the not exploit .
do not commissioners the child . the exploit
exploit do the the commissioners teacher not .
commissioners not . the do exploit the student
presidents the exploit . commissioners do the not
men do commissioners the not . the exploit
women the the . commissioners do exploit not
do commissioners the not exploit ministers . the
the candidates commissioners exploit do the . not
the exploit secretaries commissioners do . the not
. commissioners the do not children the exploit
teachers commissioners exploit do the not . the
not do commissioners exploit the students the .
president thank . not the children do the
man thank do not . the children the
the . children do woman thank the not
. the children do not thank minister the
the children . not do thank candidate the
thank not the . do the children secretary
commissioner not thank the the do . children
not teacher . thank children the the do
not thank the student the . do children
presidents the not the do . children thank
thank the children do the men not .
thank the the women do not . children
the the not do . ministers children thank
do children not . thank the candidates the
thank the . children secretaries the do not
thank the . the do commissioners children not
children thank do teachers the not the .
students do children the thank . the not
the the not do . support president children
children do the . support not man the
the do the children . not support woman
children . do the minister the support not
not . the children candidate do support the
the secretary not support do the children .
the support do commissioner children . the not
teacher . do the not children the support
the . the children student do not support
the presidents . do the children support not
the . men do the children not support
do children the not the support women .
. children ministers the support the not do
support do children not . the the candidates
support do children the . secretaries not the
commissioners the children do the . not support
. support the not the children teachers do
not support children . the the students do
. children the do represent president not the
man the not represent the do . children
the children do the not . woman represent
the represent children the minister . do not
do the the . represent children candidate not
the . secretary the not do represent children
. commissioner children the do represent the not
. teacher do represent not children the the
. children student the not the do represent
do not presidents the the children represent .
not do men children the . represent the
the represent children the women do not .
not represent ministers . the children do the
the not children the represent candidates . do
secretaries not the . children do represent the
the commissioners the . do not children represent
teachers the . children do the represent not
do children students . not represent the the
the the . president not defend do children
children the not man the defend do .
. do defend woman the children the not
. minister defend children the not the do
. children the do candidate the not defend
children the do the . secretary not defend
the defend the . not commissioner children do
do the defend . the not teacher children
student defend the not children do the .
the children . defend the not do presidents
defend men the do not children the .
children women the not do defend . the
do . not the ministers children the defend
the the defend do children not candidates .
do secretaries defend . children the not the
not the commissioners . children defend do the
not the the do children defend teachers .
not do defend . students the the children
children president the . not do the welcome
do welcome the the not man . children
the . do woman the welcome not children
. the children minister not the welcome do
do children the welcome candidate not . the
welcome the . children the not do secretary
welcome commissioner not do children . the the
welcome do children teacher the . not the
children the . the welcome do not student
the welcome the . not children do presidents
welcome not children the do . men the
children . do the not welcome women the
the ministers not do children welcome . the
not the candidates the children . do welcome
the . children not secretaries the welcome do
the children commissioners welcome the do not .
children not welcome the the teachers . do
not welcome children do the students the .
do invite president the . not the children
man the invite the . children not do
do children the invite the woman not .
. do not children the minister invite the
do the candidate invite children . not the
not children invite secretary the do the .
do the children the commissioner . not invite
teacher the not the do . children invite
the the invite do student children . not
children do not presidents . invite the the
do not . invite children the the men
the children invite do the not women .
. children ministers do invite the not the
not the children invite do . candidates the
the secretaries the invite do . not children
do invite not . commissioners children the the
children . teachers invite the not the do
the children do invite students . not the
the attack not children . president do the
the do not man attack children the .
children do the the not attack woman .
the children do not attack . minister the
do . not the candidate attack children the
the not do children the secretary . attack
children the not commissioner the . do attack
attack teacher . do the not children the
children attack the student . the not do
do the the attack not . children presidents
children the not . do men attack the
the do attack not the children . women
. ministers the attack the do children not
the . not do the attack children candidates
the children . secretaries attack the do not
commissioners children . not the do the attack
the do the teachers attack not children .
the attack students not do children . the
children . the president do the not respect
man do the not respect the children .
woman not respect the the children do .
not do minister . the the respect children
respect candidate do the children the . not
the secretary not children the respect . do
not the children the commissioner respect . do
the children do respect . not the teacher
do the the children respect student not .
. the do the respect children presidents not
respect the men children not . the do
the the women do not respect . children
the not . children respect the ministers do
respect do the candidates not . the children
secretaries the do . respect children the not
the . respect commissioners children not the do
children . the not the do teachers respect
. the do the not students children respect
. president do the the not children replace
not do man the the replace children .
the children the woman . replace do not
the . do minister children the replace not
do children . not the replace the candidate
children the secretary replace not . do the
children the . replace commissioner not do the
replace teacher not children the the do .
the children replace student not the do .
do . replace the children not presidents the
men children replace the the do not .
the do replace the women children . not
do . the replace not the children ministers
children not replace the the candidates . do
secretaries children the replace the not do .
children replace . the commissioners do the not
do teachers not the children replace . the
not children the do students replace the .
not children president do exploit the . the
man do not children the . the exploit
children not the exploit the do woman .
. not the minister exploit children the do
do children candidate exploit the the . not
. not secretary do children the the exploit
the children the not commissioner . do exploit
teacher the exploit children not the . do
do exploit the not . the children student
presidents do not the . children exploit the
men . do exploit the not the children
the exploit women children do . not the
the do exploit children ministers the . not
. the not the children do candidates exploit
exploit the children the . do secretaries not
exploit not commissioners . the children do the
do the . teachers the not children exploit
the not students the . do exploit children
thank do the president . the not teachers
man the . the not teachers thank do
do woman teachers . the the not thank
the teachers the do not thank minister .
teachers thank not . candidate the the do
do . not secretary teachers thank the the
the do thank not commissioner teachers . the
the the thank child . teachers do not
the thank teachers . student the do not
do the not teachers thank the presidents .
teachers the do the thank not men .
do . the not the women thank teachers
not do . the thank teachers ministers the
thank do the . not the teachers candidates
not thank the do teachers the secretaries .
do not the . thank the commissioners teachers
do the not thank children the . teachers
. students the do thank teachers not the
the teachers president not the . support do
the the not man . support do teachers
the . the support teachers woman do not
. the minister teachers do not support the
do candidate the teachers the . support not
do support secretary the not . the teachers
teachers . do support the commissioner not the
support not teachers . the do the child
support do . teachers the not student the
the teachers do . not presidents support the
the the . men do teachers not support
women support . teachers the the not do
the the do not . support ministers teachers
the . do teachers the support not candidates
support do the teachers . not secretaries the
. commissioners do the support not teachers the
children do support . not teachers the the
teachers support the do not the . students
the not the . represent do teachers president
represent the not man do . teachers the
not teachers woman the do . the represent
represent the do . teachers minister the not
do the the not . represent candidate teachers
represent not teachers the . the do secretary
not represent do teachers . commissioner the the
do child the not the . teachers represent
represent not do the student . the teachers
do not the presidents teachers represent the .
the represent . not men the teachers do
do the not women teachers the represent .
not represent do . the teachers ministers the
represent teachers do not candidates the . the
teachers represent the not . do secretaries the
commissioners . not the do represent the teachers
the not . do the children represent teachers
students teachers the . not the represent do
defend do the . teachers not president the
teachers man the . defend not the do
defend not do woman the . the teachers
the do the teachers . defend minister not
candidate the do . not defend teachers the
defend do not the . the secretary teachers
commissioner the teachers . not defend do the
defend do the child not teachers . the
the teachers . student do not defend the
the not teachers presidents do defend the .
the . teachers defend the do not men
women do not teachers the defend . the
ministers teachers not defend . the do the
defend do teachers candidates not the the .
defend teachers secretaries not . the the do
. defend commissioners do teachers the the not
. teachers do not defend the children the
not do the teachers the defend students .
the not president do . teachers welcome the
not teachers . welcome the man the do
welcome do the woman not the teachers .
. the teachers minister not do the welcome
teachers do not the the candidate welcome .
welcome teachers secretary not the the do .
welcome do . commissioner not the teachers the
child . do welcome teachers not the the
student . teachers the not welcome the do
the do . not presidents welcome teachers the
. the not men teachers welcome the do
the not . teachers the women welcome do
do teachers the not welcome ministers . the
not candidates do welcome the . teachers the
. welcome do the not secretaries the teachers
the not teachers the commissioners welcome do .
the teachers children . not welcome do the
the students welcome not the do . teachers
teachers the invite not the president do .
the not the . do invite teachers man
do not teachers woman the the . invite
teachers . invite do not the the minister
the the . do not candidate invite teachers
the secretary . teachers the do invite not
commissioner invite the teachers the not do .
invite child the not . the do teachers
student teachers do invite . not the the
presidents invite teachers . the the do not
do men teachers invite the not . the
not the the do invite women . teachers
not the teachers . the invite ministers do
the do not invite teachers candidates . the
do the not invite . teachers secretaries the
do commissioners the invite not the teachers .
the do the not children . invite teachers
students the . the not teachers invite do
teachers president attack the the . not do
man the teachers the attack do . not
attack the the woman not teachers . do
attack not teachers . the do minister the
candidate . do attack teachers not the the
do not secretary . attack the teachers the
the attack not commissioner do teachers . the
attack do the teachers the not . child
teachers the attack not the student do .
attack the the not presidents do teachers .
the not . the do men attack teachers
not . attack do women the the teachers
teachers the . not the ministers do attack
not the do . attack the teachers candidates
the teachers attack not do secretaries the .
teachers the the commissioners do attack . not
attack the not children the teachers do .
. not do teachers the the students attack
the president respect . the do not teachers
do not respect . man the teachers the
respect not the the . do teachers woman
the respect not do . the minister teachers
candidate do respect the . the teachers not
do secretary the teachers not . respect the
the do not . commissioner respect teachers the
teachers the do not child the . respect
. teachers respect the not do student the
. the the not teachers respect do presidents
respect men teachers the not . do the
the the women teachers respect do . not
not teachers ministers . respect the do the
respect teachers do the . not candidates the
do secretaries the the . respect not teachers
respect . do the the not commissioners teachers
do teachers not respect . the children the
do students not . teachers the respect the
. president not do replace teachers the the
the do man replace teachers the not .
woman not replace . teachers do the the
replace teachers the do not minister . the
replace . do candidate the the not teachers
secretary the replace teachers the . not do
do replace the not teachers commissioner . the
. not the the replace do teachers child
the do . not replace the student teachers
replace teachers do not presidents the the .
do men the teachers not . replace the
do teachers the . the replace women not
teachers replace the the do not . ministers
. candidates the not the replace do teachers
teachers the not . secretaries do replace the
teachers not the the commissioners do . replace
teachers do replace children the the not .
teachers do the . the not replace students
the not do exploit the teachers . president
. the not exploit teachers do man the
do teachers exploit . not the the woman
exploit teachers do the minister . not the
the the . teachers do exploit not candidate
. the teachers not exploit do secretary the
. not the exploit commissioner do the teachers
the not teachers do . child the exploit
student teachers . exploit the not do the
the presidents teachers the not do . exploit
teachers . the men not do exploit the
the exploit not do the women teachers .
the the do not . exploit ministers teachers
. do exploit the teachers not candidates the
do not teachers the exploit the secretaries .
commissioners the not . do the teachers exploit
children do teachers the . not the exploit
exploit teachers students do . the not the
students the president the . not thank do
thank the man . do students the not
thank woman students . do not the the
not thank minister students do the . the
do students the not . thank the candidate
students not the the . do secretary thank
not . do thank the students the commissioner
students not the do . thank child the
not do the thank students the . teacher
thank do students presidents the the . not
do the men thank not students the .
the thank the not . do women students
ministers the thank do not . students the
do . not students the candidates thank the
secretaries the do the students thank . not
do commissioners thank the . the students not
not do the children . students the thank
students . the teachers not thank do the
support the do president . not the students
students the not . the do man support
the students woman not do support the .
minister . the do not support students the
support do the . the students not candidate
not do . students secretary support the the
. commissioner the do support students not the
not the do students . the support child
support students the teacher do not the .
the . students not the presidents support do
not do students men the . support the
. the support not students do the women
ministers the the . students support do not
the support the not do students . candidates
secretaries . the do not students support the
support . students the commissioners do not the
children students do the the support . not
support not do students teachers the . the
do the the represent not students . president
do the . students not the man represent
the represent students the not do . woman
. the do minister students the not represent
do the candidate not students . the represent
secretary the do . the students not represent
the do the not students commissioner . represent
the child the do students . represent not
teacher not the do students represent the .
students presidents . the not represent the do
not do represent students . men the the
the the represent women . not students do
students ministers represent do the not . the
represent the do not students the candidates .
the represent students the . do not secretaries
do represent . not commissioners students the the
. do the the represent not children students
. students do teachers not the represent the
do not . defend the the students president
not students . the the do defend man
not defend do students . the woman the
minister do not the . students the defend
defend the students the . candidate do not
secretary do students defend the the not .
do commissioner not students . the defend the
students do defend child the . not the
students the . the teacher defend not do
defend presidents the the students . not do
not the do . the students men defend
. students defend women not the the do
ministers the . the do not students defend
not students the do the candidates defend .
do students not the . the secretaries defend
the the do not students defend . commissioners
students children the the . defend do not
the teachers defend not students the . do
the students not do welcome the . president
students do welcome not man the . the
students welcome not the . do woman the
do the . the students minister not welcome
students the not do . candidate the welcome
secretary not welcome the do students the .
students commissioner the the do not . welcome
not welcome the do the child students .
do . the not the teacher students welcome
not do presidents . the welcome the students
. welcome men the the students not do
. the welcome not do the students women
welcome ministers the do . the not students
the candidates students the do welcome not .
the the . students secretaries do welcome not
the not . students the welcome commissioners do
welcome the . not students the children do
do the . the welcome teachers students not
do invite the the . president students not
man do . students not the invite the
woman the the do invite . students not
the not invite the students do . minister
the students invite not candidate the do .
secretary students the do not invite . the
the commissioner not do . the students invite
do invite the the not child students .
the not the students do invite teacher .
. the not the invite presidents students do
invite do the the men not . students
the students the . not invite do women
the the do students ministers . not invite
not candidates do . invite students the the
secretaries the invite . not do students the
commissioners the students . not the do invite
students invite . children not the the do
the not do . the students invite teachers
students the not attack . do president the
not . the man the do attack students
woman do students the not attack . the
not students the minister do . attack the
candidate the attack . do students not the
do not the . students attack secretary the
the not attack . students the do commissioner
child not students the attack the . do
teacher attack do not the students . the
the presidents not the . do students attack
the do students the . attack men not
do students women . not the the attack
students ministers the do attack not the .
. attack not the candidates students do the
the attack do . the secretaries not students
the attack . students not do the commissioners
not the students attack children . the do
attack students the not . teachers the do
the respect the . not president students do
not do students respect the man the .
students the not do respect . woman the
minister not respect the students the do .
candidate do students the the . respect not
the not students do . respect secretary the
not . the the students respect do commissioner
respect the child not . students do the
. students the teacher not do respect the
the do not the students respect presidents .
do the not the students . respect men
students the respect women not do the .
. ministers the respect the not do students
candidates not the respect . the students do
students the respect do secretaries . not the
not the . the do commissioners respect students
the do respect the . not children students
. do the teachers respect the not students
do . not students replace president the the
the not do students man the replace .
replace the do the woman students not .
. students the the replace minister not do
students . replace do candidate not the the
secretary the replace do not . students the
commissioner . do not students replace the the
replace the not . child the students do
. teacher students the not do the replace
students the do the not . presidents replace
men . the the students replace do not
replace do . not students the the women
students the do not ministers . replace the
replace students not do the the candidates .
not do replace . the the students secretaries
commissioners not . replace do the students the
children do . the the students replace not
replace the . students not teachers the do
president do the students exploit the not .
students the do the man . exploit not
do students the not exploit . woman the
the do minister the exploit . not students
do students the . candidate exploit not the
the secretary the . exploit students not do
. exploit the students commissioner not do the
exploit the do . the students not child
. do exploit the not students the teacher
the do not students exploit presidents . the
the men not . do the exploit students
women not . students do the the exploit
. the ministers not exploit the students do
not do students candidates the exploit . the
exploit . students secretaries the not the do
students do not the commissioners exploit the .
students . do the exploit not children the
the teachers exploit students the do . not