man thanks . the the president
president the . woman the thanks
president the the thanks minister .
. president the candidate the thanks
president the . thanks the secretary
president the commissioner the thanks .
president thanks child the the .
. president the teacher the thanks
the president student . the thanks
thanks men the . president the
thanks . women president the the
the . president the ministers thanks
. thanks the the president candidates
the secretaries the president . thanks
commissioners president the the . thanks
children thanks . president the the
thanks the the teachers . president
students . thanks the president the
. man the president supports the
president the . supports the woman
president the minister supports . the
president candidate supports . the the
president the secretary . supports the
president commissioner . supports the the
president the supports the child .
supports president the . the teacher
the supports . president student the
the president the men . supports
supports president the women . the
the supports . president ministers the
the supports candidates president the .
the secretaries supports president . the
supports commissioners . president the the
. the supports the president children
supports teachers president . the the
supports the . students the president
president man the . represents the
president . the represents the woman
. president the minister the represents
the president . candidate the represents
president secretary the . represents the
the commissioner the represents . president
. represents the president child the
the the represents teacher president .
represents student . the president the
president the men represents . the
president . the represents women the
president ministers the . the represents
the represents president the candidates .
the president . secretaries represents the
the president represents . commissioners the
represents the the president . children
represents president the the . teachers
president represents the the . students
the man defends the president .
president the defends the . woman
the minister . defends the president
president defends candidate the . the
. secretary the president defends the
. commissioner president the defends the
child the the defends . president
the . teacher president defends the
. president defends student the the
the the defends men president .
president . the defends women the
ministers president the defends the .
. president defends the the candidates
defends the the president . secretaries
the . president defends commissioners the
defends the president the . children
president the . teachers defends the
. the defends students the president
man president the . the welcomes
. woman the president welcomes the
the president welcomes . minister the
welcomes the president the . candidate
president welcomes the secretary . the
president the welcomes commissioner the .
the child the . president welcomes
the welcomes the teacher . president
the president the welcomes . student
the the president . men welcomes
president welcomes women the . the
the president welcomes . ministers the
welcomes candidates the . the president
the the secretaries . welcomes president
president . the commissioners welcomes the
the the children president welcomes .
the . the teachers welcomes president
the welcomes the president . students
the invites president the . man
the the invites president . woman
. the the president minister invites
. invites candidate president the the
the president . invites the secretary
commissioner the invites . president the
the invites child the president .
president . teacher the the invites
the the . president invites student
the . invites men the president
the the . women invites president
the . the ministers president invites
the invites the . candidates president
. secretaries the the invites president
invites the commissioners . the president
. president the children invites the
the teachers . invites the president
invites the president . the students
attacks the the president . man
president . the woman the attacks
the minister president . the attacks
. president the attacks the candidate
attacks the secretary president . the
commissioner the attacks the . president
the president the attacks . child
attacks the the . teacher president
the attacks president . the student
. attacks men the the president
the . women the president attacks
attacks ministers the the president .
attacks president . candidates the the
secretaries . president attacks the the
commissioners . president attacks the the
the . the president attacks children
president the teachers the . attacks
. president the students the attacks
president the the man respects .
woman president the respects . the
the president minister . the respects
candidate . respects the president the
president the the . respects secretary
president . the commissioner the respects
president the the respects . child
respects the teacher . the president
the the student respects . president
the respects . men president the
women the . president the respects
the respects the ministers . president
respects the candidates the president .
respects the . the secretaries president
the . respects president commissioners the
children the . the president respects
the the . president teachers respects
. students respects president the the
. man replaces the the president
replaces . woman the the president
the the president . replaces minister
the president . candidate the replaces
the replaces the secretary president .
the the president commissioner . replaces
the president replaces . the child
. the teacher president the replaces
replaces president the . student the
. men the the replaces president
. president the the women replaces
replaces ministers the . president the
president candidates the . the replaces
president . replaces secretaries the the
. the president the replaces commissioners
the . replaces children the president
the replaces the president teachers .
the the replaces students . president
the president exploits man the .
exploits the . the president woman
president the . minister the exploits
exploits the the president candidate .
president the the . secretary exploits
the president exploits . the commissioner
child the . exploits the president
president . the the teacher exploits
exploits student the . the president
president the men exploits the .
the the women president exploits .
president exploits . the the ministers
the exploits president the candidates .
exploits president the secretaries . the
. the president the commissioners exploits
. the the president children exploits
. the the president exploits teachers
the president the students . exploits
man the the . president thanks
thanks man woman the the .
the . the man thanks minister
the candidate . the thanks man
the secretary . thanks man the
man the the commissioner thanks .
the man child . the thanks
the the thanks . man teacher
the the student man thanks .
the thanks man presidents the .
the man the . women thanks
the man . ministers the thanks
the candidates man thanks the .
the . secretaries man the thanks
thanks . commissioners man the the
thanks . the children man the
man . thanks the teachers the
students man the thanks . the
the the . supports man president
the woman the . man supports
minister . man supports the the
. candidate the the supports man
supports secretary the . man the
the supports commissioner man . the
the supports the man child .
. man supports teacher the the
the man supports . student the
presidents . the the supports man
the man . supports women the
man the supports ministers . the
candidates man . the supports the
supports secretaries the the man .
supports commissioners . man the the
. the supports children the man
teachers man the supports . the
. supports students the man the
the represents . man president the
the the woman man . represents
the . the minister man represents
the man the . candidate represents
. secretary represents man the the
the the man commissioner represents .
the child the man . represents
represents teacher the man the .
student man the represents the .
represents presidents the the man .
. the represents man women the
man represents the . ministers the
man candidates . the the represents
man . secretaries the represents the
represents commissioners the . the man
the represents children the man .
teachers . the the represents man
students . the represents man the
president defends the man the .
defends the . the man woman
. the minister man the defends
the defends . candidate man the
. secretary defends the the man
commissioner the the defends man .
defends the man . child the
the man teacher . defends the
. the the man student defends
the man presidents defends . the
the women defends the . man
ministers . the defends the man
candidates the man the . defends
the man secretaries . defends the
the . commissioners man the defends
. children the defends the man
. the man the teachers defends
the students defends . the man
the the president man . welcomes
man the woman the welcomes .
. man minister the the welcomes
man the the . welcomes candidate
. welcomes the the man secretary
. commissioner the welcomes the man
welcomes child . the the man
teacher man welcomes the the .
welcomes man . the the student
. the the welcomes presidents man
welcomes the the women man .
the ministers welcomes man the .
welcomes candidates the the man .
secretaries the the . man welcomes
the commissioners . welcomes man the
the children welcomes . the man
the man welcomes teachers the .
. the students welcomes the man
the president . the man invites
man the invites woman . the
. minister man the the invites
the the invites man . candidate
invites the the man secretary .
. the the man commissioner invites
invites the the . child man
invites . teacher man the the
student . the man the invites
the the man presidents . invites
the invites women man . the
the the man invites ministers .
candidates the . the invites man
. invites secretaries man the the
the . invites the man commissioners
the children . the invites man
the invites the . man teachers
invites . the man students the
attacks man president . the the
attacks man woman the the .
attacks . man minister the the
candidate . the the man attacks
the man secretary attacks the .
. the the commissioner man attacks
attacks . child the the man
man the the . attacks teacher
the man attacks student . the
the the presidents attacks . man
the attacks . the women man
. ministers attacks man the the
man attacks candidates the . the
man the the . attacks secretaries
the commissioners man the . attacks
the the attacks children man .
the . man the attacks teachers
students the the attacks . man
president the respects man . the
woman respects the the . man
man the respects minister the .
man the . candidate the respects
man the the secretary . respects
. respects the commissioner the man
child the respects the man .
respects the man . teacher the
the respects . student man the
man the . respects the presidents
the man respects . the women
respects man . ministers the the
. respects candidates the the man
the secretaries man the respects .
respects the the man . commissioners
the . the man children respects
teachers respects . the the man
the students man . the respects
replaces man the president . the
the . woman man the replaces
replaces man minister the . the
. the the replaces candidate man
the secretary man the replaces .
the . man the replaces commissioner
the child replaces . the man
the teacher . replaces man the
student replaces the man the .
man presidents replaces . the the
. man the replaces the women
the man replaces ministers . the
replaces the the man candidates .
man replaces secretaries the . the
replaces the the man commissioners .
the man . the children replaces
man teachers . the replaces the
the the students man . replaces
exploits president the . the man
the exploits woman the man .
. man exploits the minister the
the the candidate exploits . man
the exploits . the man secretary
man the the commissioner exploits .
child man the exploits . the
man the teacher the . exploits
the the exploits student . man
the exploits man the . presidents
exploits the . women man the
the the . exploits ministers man
man the . the candidates exploits
. the the secretaries exploits man
. the man commissioners the exploits
the the . man children exploits
exploits . man the the teachers
exploits students the . man the
thanks woman president the . the
man thanks the woman the .
. the thanks minister the woman
. the candidate thanks the woman
woman thanks . the the secretary
the thanks woman . the commissioner
thanks . child woman the the
woman the the . teacher thanks
. the thanks woman the student
woman presidents thanks the . the
the woman . men thanks the
. ministers woman the the thanks
candidates the thanks the woman .
the secretaries thanks woman . the
. woman thanks commissioners the the
. woman children thanks the the
teachers the . woman thanks the
thanks the . the woman students
president . woman the the supports
the man . supports woman the
supports woman the minister the .
candidate supports . the woman the
secretary . woman supports the the
woman the supports . commissioner the
the the . child woman supports
woman the the . teacher supports
student . woman supports the the
presidents . the woman the supports
woman men the supports . the
the woman the supports ministers .
. the the candidates woman supports
supports secretaries the . woman the
the woman supports commissioners . the
the . children the woman supports
supports . the the woman teachers
the the students . supports woman
. president woman the represents the
the represents . the woman man
woman the represents . minister the
candidate the woman represents . the
secretary . woman the represents the
. woman the the commissioner represents
the . child the woman represents
. represents woman teacher the the
. the represents student the woman
the presidents woman represents the .
. woman the men the represents
the woman the ministers represents .
represents candidates the . the woman
woman . secretaries the the represents
the represents the . commissioners woman
the children the . represents woman
represents woman . the the teachers
represents woman . the students the
the woman . the president defends
woman man defends . the the
the the minister defends . woman
. defends candidate the woman the
. the woman secretary the defends
defends . woman commissioner the the
the defends child woman . the
the teacher . defends woman the
. student the woman defends the
the presidents the defends woman .
woman the defends the men .
defends the . ministers woman the
the defends woman the . candidates
woman the . the secretaries defends
commissioners . defends the woman the
the the defends woman children .
woman the . teachers the defends
students woman defends . the the
welcomes the president . the woman
. welcomes the man woman the
. the the welcomes woman minister
candidate . welcomes the the woman
secretary woman the . welcomes the
. welcomes commissioner the the woman
child the welcomes . woman the
the welcomes teacher . the woman
woman . student the welcomes the
the . presidents welcomes the woman
the men the . welcomes woman
ministers woman the . the welcomes
candidates . the the woman welcomes
. woman the welcomes secretaries the
. woman the welcomes the commissioners
woman welcomes the . the children
. welcomes the the teachers woman
the welcomes the woman . students
. the president woman the invites
the invites man the woman .
woman the invites . minister the
. candidate the the woman invites
secretary . the the woman invites
the woman commissioner . invites the
woman the the . invites child
woman teacher invites the . the
invites student . the the woman
woman the invites the presidents .
invites woman men the . the
invites the woman the ministers .
woman candidates . invites the the
woman secretaries invites . the the
invites commissioners . the woman the
. the the woman children invites
the the woman . invites teachers
the . woman invites students the
the . attacks the woman president
man attacks . woman the the
attacks the woman minister the .
. the woman candidate attacks the
attacks woman . secretary the the
the woman commissioner . the attacks
woman child . attacks the the
woman teacher the . the attacks
woman student . attacks the the
attacks presidents the . the woman
. woman attacks men the the
. attacks ministers woman the the
the . woman candidates attacks the
attacks woman secretaries the . the
woman the commissioners the . attacks
the woman attacks the children .
the woman the teachers attacks .
the the students . attacks woman
. the woman president respects the
woman . the respects man the
. respects minister the woman the
candidate the . respects woman the
respects the secretary the woman .
respects woman the the commissioner .
woman child . the the respects
the . teacher woman respects the
respects the student woman . the
presidents . the the woman respects
. woman the men respects the
the ministers woman the . respects
woman candidates . respects the the
respects the secretaries . woman the
. respects commissioners woman the the
woman the . children the respects
respects teachers the woman . the
students respects the . woman the
. woman the replaces president the
the . woman the replaces man
the minister replaces . the woman
woman the . candidate replaces the
the . woman replaces the secretary
commissioner the . replaces woman the
replaces the the child . woman
the replaces teacher the . woman
student the woman replaces the .
. the the replaces presidents woman
the . woman men replaces the
the the ministers . woman replaces
. woman replaces the the candidates
the secretaries . the woman replaces
commissioners woman the replaces . the
. the children the replaces woman
. teachers replaces woman the the
replaces students the the . woman
president . exploits the the woman
man the . woman the exploits
the exploits minister . woman the
. the exploits candidate woman the
woman secretary exploits . the the
. the woman exploits the commissioner
exploits woman . the child the
the the . teacher woman exploits
the woman the student exploits .
exploits . the presidents the woman
exploits . men the woman the
woman . exploits ministers the the
. candidates the the exploits woman
exploits the secretaries woman the .
the exploits woman . commissioners the
. exploits the the children woman
the the exploits . woman teachers
students . the exploits the woman
. the minister the thanks president
the minister man . thanks the
minister woman the thanks . the
candidate minister . thanks the the
. minister thanks the the secretary
thanks minister commissioner . the the
the thanks . the child minister
. the the thanks minister teacher
the the . thanks minister student
. presidents minister the the thanks
the men thanks minister . the
women . minister the the thanks
minister . thanks the the candidates
the . thanks minister the secretaries
thanks minister . commissioners the the
thanks children the minister the .
thanks the teachers minister . the
the minister students the thanks .
president . the minister the supports
the the minister . supports man
the supports . the minister woman
candidate minister supports . the the
minister secretary the . the supports
minister commissioner the . the supports
the supports child the . minister
. supports the teacher minister the
minister student the supports the .
supports the presidents minister . the
. minister supports the the men
minister the supports the women .
the candidates the supports minister .
the . the secretaries supports minister
supports . the the minister commissioners
the children minister the supports .
teachers . supports minister the the
students the supports the minister .
. president minister represents the the
man . represents the minister the
represents . the woman the minister
represents candidate the minister the .
secretary . the the minister represents
minister the represents . commissioner the
the . child represents minister the
represents the teacher the minister .
the the . minister student represents
the minister represents . presidents the
men the minister . the represents
women minister . the the represents
represents the candidates . the minister
the the secretaries represents . minister
minister commissioners represents the . the
the . children the represents minister
. minister the represents teachers the
students represents minister the the .
minister defends president the . the
the man the minister defends .
defends the the woman minister .
defends candidate . the minister the
. the the defends minister secretary
the commissioner defends the . minister
defends child . minister the the
teacher the minister defends the .
defends the minister student the .
the presidents . defends minister the
minister defends the . the men
. women minister defends the the
defends minister the the candidates .
minister defends the . secretaries the
minister commissioners the the defends .
the minister . children the defends
the minister the defends . teachers
the minister . the defends students
the president minister . the welcomes
welcomes man the minister the .
the minister the welcomes woman .
the welcomes candidate . minister the
secretary . minister the the welcomes
commissioner the the welcomes minister .
. welcomes the child the minister
teacher the welcomes the . minister
welcomes student the minister the .
presidents minister welcomes the the .
minister the men the . welcomes
. welcomes the the women minister
welcomes minister the candidates . the
the secretaries the welcomes . minister
minister welcomes . commissioners the the
the welcomes minister children . the
minister welcomes the . teachers the
. the the students welcomes minister
president the minister the invites .
minister the . the man invites
the the invites . minister woman
candidate . invites the minister the
. invites the the minister secretary
minister . the invites the commissioner
child the the minister invites .
teacher the . invites the minister
student minister . invites the the
the presidents . invites the minister
the minister . invites men the
women the the minister . invites
. minister invites candidates the the
. invites minister secretaries the the
minister the . invites commissioners the
. children minister the invites the
invites teachers the the minister .
the . students minister invites the
attacks minister . the president the
the the minister . attacks man
minister . attacks the the woman
minister the . attacks candidate the
the secretary minister the . attacks
. the attacks the commissioner minister
the minister attacks . child the
minister teacher attacks . the the
minister student . attacks the the
presidents minister . the attacks the
the men . the attacks minister
the the attacks minister . women
attacks the . minister the candidates
the secretaries attacks the minister .
the minister commissioners the attacks .
the children attacks . minister the
teachers attacks . the the minister
students attacks . the minister the
president . minister respects the the
respects man minister . the the
woman the minister the . respects
minister the candidate the respects .
respects the secretary . the minister
commissioner the minister the . respects
the respects the child . minister
teacher the minister . respects the
the respects . minister the student
minister the presidents the respects .
. the the men respects minister
. minister respects the women the
the minister . respects candidates the
respects . minister secretaries the the
the . minister commissioners respects the
the . minister children the respects
teachers respects the . minister the
respects minister the . the students
minister president replaces . the the
the . man replaces the minister
the the . replaces minister woman
the minister the . replaces candidate
the . secretary replaces minister the
. the the commissioner replaces minister
the the child . minister replaces
minister teacher the the . replaces
student replaces the the . minister
presidents . replaces the the minister
replaces . the men the minister
the women replaces . the minister
. minister the candidates replaces the
secretaries the . the minister replaces
commissioners the replaces the minister .
the the minister children . replaces
. the the teachers minister replaces
the the minister . replaces students
president exploits the the minister .
man . minister the exploits the
the woman . exploits minister the
exploits the the candidate . minister
minister the . the secretary exploits
exploits the . the commissioner minister
exploits the child . minister the
exploits the teacher . minister the
. the the exploits student minister
. minister the presidents exploits the
minister the the . men exploits
. minister women the exploits the
the . minister exploits candidates the
the secretaries the . exploits minister
minister commissioners the . the exploits
children the exploits . the minister
minister exploits teachers . the the
students . the the minister exploits
the . thanks president candidate the
candidate thanks the the . man
thanks woman . the the candidate
minister candidate thanks the . the
. candidate the secretary the thanks
. the thanks the commissioner candidate
candidate child thanks . the the
the . thanks the teacher candidate
the the student . thanks candidate
the candidate the . thanks presidents
men candidate thanks . the the
women candidate thanks . the the
candidate the ministers . thanks the
candidate thanks secretaries the . the
thanks commissioners candidate . the the
the . the candidate thanks children
. the candidate the thanks teachers
. the students the candidate thanks
the . supports candidate the president
the supports the . man candidate
the candidate . woman the supports
supports . candidate the minister the
supports secretary the . candidate the
. commissioner supports the candidate the
child the candidate the . supports
. supports candidate the the teacher
candidate student the the . supports
presidents the supports the candidate .
candidate . the men the supports
women the candidate supports . the
. supports the the ministers candidate
supports candidate the . secretaries the
candidate supports commissioners . the the
. children the candidate the supports
the candidate the . supports teachers
candidate the the supports . students
the . candidate the represents president
man . represents candidate the the
represents candidate the woman . the
the represents candidate minister . the
the secretary represents the . candidate
candidate . represents commissioner the the
child the . candidate represents the
. the represents candidate teacher the
. candidate the student represents the
represents the presidents the candidate .
men the . represents candidate the
. the women candidate the represents
represents . candidate the the ministers
the secretaries candidate represents . the
represents candidate the commissioners the .
. the the represents candidate children
candidate teachers the the represents .
represents students the . the candidate
defends . president candidate the the
. candidate defends the man the
woman the the . defends candidate
the minister the defends . candidate
defends secretary candidate the the .
candidate commissioner the the defends .
the the child . candidate defends
the the teacher defends candidate .
. defends student the the candidate
presidents . candidate the defends the
the the men defends candidate .
the the defends candidate . women
candidate . the the defends ministers
defends the candidate the secretaries .
the the commissioners defends . candidate
defends the the candidate . children
the . candidate defends teachers the
students the candidate defends . the
. the the president candidate welcomes
candidate welcomes the man . the
welcomes woman the . candidate the
the . the candidate welcomes minister
welcomes . the the candidate secretary
commissioner welcomes the . the candidate
welcomes the the child . candidate
the candidate teacher welcomes . the
. the student welcomes the candidate
the welcomes the candidate . presidents
candidate . welcomes the the men
the women the welcomes candidate .
ministers . the the candidate welcomes
the the . candidate welcomes secretaries
welcomes candidate . commissioners the the
welcomes the candidate . the children
the teachers . welcomes the candidate
the . students welcomes candidate the
the candidate president . invites the
candidate the man invites the .
. candidate the the woman invites
minister invites the . the candidate
candidate invites secretary the the .
candidate invites . commissioner the the
candidate the the invites child .
invites the the candidate . teacher
the . the invites student candidate
candidate presidents the the invites .
the men . invites the candidate
the candidate invites women the .
the ministers the . invites candidate
the secretaries invites candidate the .
the the . candidate commissioners invites
candidate . the the children invites
the candidate . the teachers invites
the . invites the students candidate
the attacks president candidate . the
the the . candidate attacks man
the attacks candidate woman . the
candidate minister the attacks the .
. candidate secretary attacks the the
candidate attacks the commissioner . the
attacks the candidate child . the
candidate teacher attacks . the the
student . candidate the attacks the
candidate the the attacks presidents .
. the the attacks candidate men
candidate . attacks the women the
. attacks candidate ministers the the
candidate secretaries the the attacks .
commissioners attacks . candidate the the
. children the attacks candidate the
teachers the candidate . attacks the
. students attacks candidate the the
respects the the candidate president .
the man . the respects candidate
candidate the the woman . respects
respects . the the candidate minister
secretary the the . respects candidate
the . candidate respects the commissioner
the . child respects the candidate
the . teacher the candidate respects
the respects student . the candidate
. candidate presidents respects the the
respects men . the candidate the
. candidate respects the the women
the the ministers candidate respects .
respects the candidate . the secretaries
commissioners . the respects candidate the
. respects the candidate the children
respects candidate the . teachers the
students candidate . the respects the
the candidate president the . replaces
the replaces candidate the man .
. the candidate the woman replaces
the . replaces candidate the minister
the replaces candidate secretary the .
replaces the the commissioner candidate .
replaces child . the candidate the
candidate the . replaces teacher the
. the replaces candidate student the
presidents replaces the . candidate the
men the . the replaces candidate
candidate the women replaces the .
replaces candidate the . ministers the
replaces the the . candidate secretaries
the commissioners . replaces the candidate
the the . children replaces candidate
candidate the replaces . the teachers
students replaces the the candidate .
president the candidate . the exploits
man the exploits . candidate the
the exploits . the candidate woman
. minister the candidate the exploits
exploits secretary the candidate the .
commissioner candidate exploits . the the
candidate exploits the the child .
. teacher the exploits candidate the
student the candidate . the exploits
. candidate the exploits presidents the
men the the candidate exploits .
candidate . exploits the the women
ministers exploits . the the candidate
secretaries candidate exploits the the .
exploits candidate the . the commissioners
. candidate children the exploits the
candidate exploits . the the teachers
the candidate exploits students the .
the secretary thanks president the .
man the secretary . the thanks
thanks woman secretary the the .
thanks minister the the secretary .
thanks the secretary candidate the .
. commissioner the the secretary thanks
the thanks secretary the child .
thanks secretary teacher the the .
. secretary the thanks student the
thanks the presidents the . secretary
. the thanks secretary the men
the thanks . secretary the women
. the thanks secretary the ministers
secretary . candidates the the thanks
. the thanks the secretary commissioners
the children thanks . the secretary
the . teachers the secretary thanks
the students secretary . thanks the
supports . the the president secretary
the secretary man the supports .
supports . secretary the the woman
minister supports secretary . the the
. supports secretary the candidate the
the . commissioner supports the secretary
child the . secretary the supports
supports secretary . the teacher the
secretary supports the the student .
the supports the . presidents secretary
supports . the secretary the men
supports women the . secretary the
the supports secretary . the ministers
supports . the candidates secretary the
commissioners secretary supports the the .
secretary the children the supports .
supports secretary . the teachers the
the the students supports . secretary
the represents secretary president the .
represents the man secretary . the
secretary the woman represents . the
the secretary . minister the represents
the the secretary represents candidate .
secretary . represents the the commissioner
child . secretary represents the the
the teacher represents the secretary .
the student the represents secretary .
represents the the secretary . presidents
secretary . men the represents the
secretary women the represents . the
ministers the . secretary the represents
the . represents secretary the candidates
secretary the the represents commissioners .
secretary represents the . the children
. secretary represents teachers the the
. students the represents the secretary
. secretary the defends the president
man secretary . defends the the
the woman the . secretary defends
. minister the secretary defends the
candidate the secretary the . defends
. commissioner the secretary the defends
secretary the . child the defends
teacher the secretary . defends the
the . defends secretary the student
. defends presidents secretary the the
defends the . men secretary the
secretary women defends the . the
defends . the ministers the secretary
. secretary the defends candidates the
defends the secretary . commissioners the
secretary . defends the the children
the teachers the . secretary defends
students the secretary defends . the
the secretary president . welcomes the
welcomes the secretary . man the
. the secretary the woman welcomes
secretary . the minister the welcomes
the secretary candidate . the welcomes
. welcomes the the secretary commissioner
secretary child the . the welcomes
welcomes the teacher the . secretary
the welcomes student secretary . the
secretary presidents the . the welcomes
the . the secretary welcomes men
the secretary women the welcomes .
ministers welcomes the secretary . the
. the candidates welcomes the secretary
commissioners the . welcomes the secretary
welcomes the secretary children the .
welcomes teachers the . secretary the
students welcomes secretary the . the
the president secretary . the invites
invites the the . man secretary
secretary woman the invites . the
invites the . the minister secretary
candidate invites the . the secretary
invites . the secretary commissioner the
child secretary the the invites .
secretary . invites teacher the the
student the secretary invites the .
presidents . invites secretary the the
the invites men the secretary .
women the secretary . invites the
. the the secretary ministers invites
candidates secretary invites the . the
the the secretary . commissioners invites
. the secretary the children invites
the secretary invites . teachers the
students invites . the the secretary
the . secretary attacks the president
man the attacks the . secretary
the secretary woman the . attacks
secretary . minister attacks the the
candidate the the attacks . secretary
commissioner the the . secretary attacks
the child the . attacks secretary
attacks the secretary . teacher the
the attacks the . student secretary
secretary . the attacks the presidents
the . attacks men secretary the
the . women secretary attacks the
attacks the the secretary ministers .
the attacks the candidates . secretary
commissioners attacks . secretary the the
secretary the the children attacks .
secretary the . the attacks teachers
the attacks secretary . students the
president the respects the secretary .
respects the secretary the man .
secretary the woman respects . the
minister secretary . the the respects
respects the the secretary candidate .
the respects . commissioner secretary the
the . child the secretary respects
the . respects the secretary teacher
secretary the respects student the .
. respects secretary the the presidents
respects the the secretary . men
. women secretary the respects the
ministers . the the secretary respects
the candidates the respects secretary .
respects commissioners the . secretary the
the the secretary respects children .
teachers secretary the . the respects
secretary the . students the respects
secretary . president replaces the the
the replaces secretary man the .
replaces woman the the secretary .
replaces minister . secretary the the
the . the candidate replaces secretary
. secretary the commissioner the replaces
replaces the . child the secretary
. replaces teacher the the secretary
. the replaces secretary student the
the the secretary replaces presidents .
men the replaces secretary . the
the secretary . women replaces the
secretary the ministers . the replaces
. secretary the the replaces candidates
replaces the the commissioners . secretary
replaces the the secretary . children
secretary the the teachers . replaces
secretary . the replaces students the
secretary . exploits president the the
the . the exploits secretary man
secretary the exploits woman the .
the the exploits minister secretary .
secretary candidate . the the exploits
secretary the . the commissioner exploits
. secretary exploits child the the
the secretary . the teacher exploits
. the student exploits the secretary
secretary exploits the presidents the .
exploits . the secretary men the
the . exploits the secretary women
the exploits . ministers the secretary
the secretary . exploits the candidates
the the exploits secretary . commissioners
children the secretary the . exploits
teachers . the the secretary exploits
secretary the the . exploits students
thanks the the president . commissioner
commissioner the the . man thanks
woman thanks the commissioner . the
. the the thanks commissioner minister
thanks the candidate the . commissioner
secretary the . the thanks commissioner
the . child commissioner thanks the
the commissioner the teacher . thanks
commissioner . the thanks student the
commissioner . the thanks presidents the
. the men thanks commissioner the
thanks commissioner . women the the
the . commissioner thanks the ministers
thanks candidates the the . commissioner
secretaries commissioner . the thanks the
the commissioner the children thanks .
thanks teachers commissioner the the .
thanks the the . students commissioner
president supports . the commissioner the
man supports . commissioner the the
. commissioner the woman the supports
supports minister the commissioner the .
the candidate . commissioner supports the
. the secretary commissioner the supports
. commissioner supports child the the
supports the . teacher commissioner the
student commissioner the . supports the
. commissioner the the supports presidents
the commissioner supports men the .
the commissioner . the supports women
supports . ministers the commissioner the
. commissioner supports the the candidates
secretaries supports commissioner . the the
commissioner supports children . the the
commissioner supports the . teachers the
the . supports students the commissioner
. commissioner president the the represents
man represents commissioner the the .
. woman commissioner represents the the
represents the commissioner . the minister
commissioner represents candidate the the .
the . secretary represents commissioner the
child commissioner represents the the .
teacher represents the commissioner the .
student the represents commissioner . the
the presidents the . represents commissioner
men the . represents commissioner the
women the . commissioner the represents
ministers represents . the the commissioner
commissioner the . represents candidates the
the . the secretaries commissioner represents
commissioner . the represents the children
commissioner the represents the teachers .
represents the commissioner . the students
defends commissioner the . the president
commissioner man the the defends .
woman . the commissioner the defends
defends . commissioner the the minister
. the the defends commissioner candidate
secretary commissioner . defends the the
the the defends child commissioner .
the the defends . teacher commissioner
. the defends student the commissioner
commissioner . presidents the the defends
the defends the commissioner men .
commissioner women . the the defends
the the . ministers defends commissioner
the . commissioner candidates defends the
defends the . commissioner secretaries the
the . commissioner defends the children
the . commissioner defends teachers the
defends students the commissioner . the
the commissioner the president . welcomes
welcomes man . the commissioner the
woman . welcomes the the commissioner
. the commissioner the minister welcomes
commissioner candidate the . the welcomes
the secretary . commissioner the welcomes
the commissioner the welcomes child .
the welcomes teacher . the commissioner
commissioner welcomes student the the .
the . presidents commissioner the welcomes
welcomes the the men . commissioner
women . the welcomes commissioner the
the commissioner welcomes the . ministers
. commissioner the welcomes the candidates
the . commissioner secretaries the welcomes
. commissioner welcomes the children the
the . the commissioner teachers welcomes
commissioner the students the . welcomes
president the the commissioner invites .
. man invites the the commissioner
the . invites commissioner woman the
. the invites the minister commissioner
candidate the . the invites commissioner
secretary the . the invites commissioner
. invites child the commissioner the
invites teacher . the commissioner the
commissioner the the student invites .
. presidents the commissioner invites the
men commissioner the . invites the
the invites commissioner the . women
commissioner the . ministers the invites
. candidates the commissioner the invites
. secretaries commissioner the the invites
. invites commissioner children the the
invites commissioner . teachers the the
invites the commissioner students the .
the attacks commissioner the . president
. attacks man the commissioner the
commissioner woman attacks the the .
the . attacks commissioner the minister
candidate commissioner . attacks the the
the . secretary commissioner attacks the
the child commissioner the attacks .
teacher the commissioner . attacks the
commissioner the attacks . student the
the commissioner . the presidents attacks
the men the . commissioner attacks
. the attacks women commissioner the
the commissioner ministers attacks the .
commissioner the . attacks the candidates
commissioner attacks secretaries the . the
children commissioner the the . attacks
the teachers the commissioner . attacks
attacks the . the commissioner students
the president the . respects commissioner
. the man commissioner the respects
. respects woman the commissioner the
respects the . commissioner the minister
commissioner . respects candidate the the
commissioner respects the the . secretary
respects the the child . commissioner
the teacher the respects . commissioner
student . the respects commissioner the
the presidents . commissioner the respects
respects the the . men commissioner
. the the women commissioner respects
the the commissioner respects ministers .
the commissioner . candidates respects the
. respects the commissioner the secretaries
children commissioner respects . the the
teachers . the the respects commissioner
the . commissioner the students respects
commissioner . president replaces the the
the man commissioner . the replaces
the commissioner woman replaces the .
replaces minister . the commissioner the
replaces commissioner candidate . the the
the replaces . commissioner the secretary
child . commissioner replaces the the
. commissioner replaces the teacher the
replaces commissioner . the student the
presidents commissioner the replaces the .
the men . replaces commissioner the
replaces the the women commissioner .
. ministers the replaces commissioner the
. candidates the commissioner the replaces
the the secretaries replaces . commissioner
commissioner the replaces the children .
the teachers replaces . commissioner the
the commissioner . replaces the students
. president commissioner the the exploits
the the man commissioner . exploits
commissioner . woman exploits the the
the minister . the commissioner exploits
the candidate . commissioner the exploits
exploits the . secretary commissioner the
exploits . commissioner the the child
exploits . commissioner the teacher the
exploits commissioner student . the the
the exploits . the commissioner presidents
. the men the commissioner exploits
commissioner exploits the . the women
ministers commissioner exploits . the the
the candidates the . exploits commissioner
commissioner exploits the secretaries the .
commissioner . the the exploits children
teachers commissioner the the . exploits
commissioner the students the exploits .
thanks child . the president the
the thanks man the . child
the woman thanks child the .
child . minister thanks the the
child the the thanks . candidate
secretary thanks . the child the
the the child commissioner thanks .
. thanks the the teacher child
thanks student the child the .
. thanks child presidents the the
the . men child thanks the
child thanks the . the women
. the child ministers thanks the
. thanks child candidates the the
thanks the the secretaries child .
commissioners thanks the . the child
. the the teachers child thanks
. the the students thanks child
. president child supports the the
the child the supports . man
woman the supports child . the
supports the . child the minister
child candidate the . the supports
secretary . the supports child the
commissioner the supports the child .
the . child the supports teacher
. supports the child the student
presidents child supports the . the
supports child the the . men
women the child supports . the
supports child the the ministers .
child . supports the the candidates
secretaries supports the the . child
supports child the commissioners . the
the child supports the teachers .
. students child supports the the
the child the . president represents
the . man the child represents
. the the child woman represents
represents the the . child minister
child represents the candidate the .
. the represents secretary the child
the child represents commissioner . the
the the represents teacher . child
child . represents the the student
the child presidents . the represents
men the child . represents the
. child the women represents the
the the represents child ministers .
child represents candidates the the .
the child represents . the secretaries
commissioners child represents the the .
represents teachers . the the child
the child . represents students the
. the the defends president child
man the the defends child .
child . defends woman the the
the the defends . child minister
candidate the child the defends .
secretary the . defends child the
commissioner . the defends the child
the . defends teacher child the
defends the . student the child
the defends presidents child the .
the defends the . child men
child women . defends the the
. the the defends child ministers
the . defends candidates the child
the . secretaries the child defends
. child defends the the commissioners
the teachers . defends the child
the students . child defends the
welcomes the child president the .
child the welcomes man the .
child . the woman welcomes the
the child the welcomes . minister
welcomes child the the . candidate
the child . welcomes secretary the
child welcomes commissioner the the .
teacher the the welcomes . child
. the student child welcomes the
welcomes child . the presidents the
the welcomes child . men the
women . welcomes the child the
. child the welcomes ministers the
. candidates the child the welcomes
secretaries the child . the welcomes
commissioners child the welcomes the .
the teachers welcomes the child .
the child welcomes students . the
invites the . the child president
the invites . child the man
invites child . woman the the
the the child invites . minister
the . candidate the child invites
invites child . the the secretary
commissioner . invites child the the
. the invites the teacher child
child invites the student . the
the the child invites . presidents
the child men . the invites
. invites child women the the
. invites ministers the the child
. the child invites candidates the
secretaries . invites the the child
the . invites commissioners the child
child . the teachers invites the
invites the the . students child
the president the attacks . child
child attacks . the man the
woman . child attacks the the
minister child the the . attacks
the attacks candidate . the child
the . secretary the attacks child
the . attacks commissioner child the
teacher attacks the the child .
child the . attacks the student
presidents attacks the . child the
the attacks . child men the
attacks the women the . child
child attacks . ministers the the
child attacks the . candidates the
secretaries child attacks . the the
commissioners the the child attacks .
. the attacks child the teachers
. child the the attacks students
child president the the . respects
respects the . child man the
the woman . child respects the
minister . child the the respects
candidate the child . respects the
child respects the secretary the .
the the commissioner . respects child
. the teacher respects the child
student the child respects the .
respects presidents child . the the
men the . respects child the
women the . the child respects
child . the respects the ministers
the . the child respects candidates
child the . the secretaries respects
the respects child commissioners the .
. the respects the teachers child
. respects the child students the
the child replaces . the president
the . replaces the man child
. replaces the woman child the
child the the minister replaces .
. replaces candidate child the the
child replaces the the secretary .
commissioner replaces child the the .
the replaces teacher . child the
. replaces the student the child
replaces child presidents . the the
replaces men the . the child
replaces . the child the women
child ministers . replaces the the
the replaces child . the candidates
the replaces secretaries child . the
the . replaces the commissioners child
child replaces the teachers . the
the . students the replaces child
the . president the exploits child
man . child the exploits the
the exploits . the woman child
minister the . child exploits the
. child candidate the exploits the
secretary child . exploits the the
. exploits the the child commissioner
the teacher exploits child . the
student the . exploits the child
exploits . the presidents child the
child . exploits the men the
exploits child the the . women
. the child the ministers exploits
exploits . the the child candidates
secretaries . the the exploits child
exploits commissioners the . child the
the exploits the . teachers child
students the child exploits the .
thanks the . teacher the president
the thanks . man the teacher
the the . teacher woman thanks
the teacher . the thanks minister
teacher the . candidate thanks the
the secretary the . thanks teacher
teacher the thanks . the commissioner
teacher child the the . thanks
the thanks student the teacher .
the teacher the thanks presidents .
. thanks men teacher the the
teacher women the . the thanks
. teacher thanks the the ministers
the candidates thanks . the teacher
the the secretaries . thanks teacher
commissioners teacher the the . thanks
the thanks teacher . the children
the students thanks . teacher the
. the teacher president supports the
teacher supports . the man the
woman . the teacher supports the
. teacher supports the the minister
candidate the . the teacher supports
. secretary the the teacher supports
supports . the commissioner the teacher
child supports teacher the . the
the student supports teacher the .
teacher the supports the presidents .
teacher supports the . men the
. women the teacher supports the
. ministers the teacher supports the
candidates teacher the the supports .
the teacher secretaries . supports the
. supports the teacher the commissioners
. children supports teacher the the
teacher the supports students the .
the teacher represents president . the
. the teacher represents man the
teacher represents . the the woman
represents the the minister teacher .
represents candidate the . teacher the
teacher represents . the the secretary
. commissioner teacher represents the the
child the teacher the . represents
the the student teacher represents .
. teacher the presidents the represents
the the . represents teacher men
the women . the represents teacher
teacher . the the ministers represents
represents candidates the . the teacher
the the . represents teacher secretaries
teacher the . represents the commissioners
. teacher children the the represents
students . represents teacher the the
teacher the . defends president the
man defends . the the teacher
teacher the the . woman defends
defends the teacher minister the .
defends candidate the teacher the .
secretary defends teacher . the the
the . the defends commissioner teacher
teacher child the defends . the
. student teacher the defends the
defends teacher the presidents the .
men teacher . the the defends
defends . teacher the the women
teacher the defends . ministers the
defends candidates . teacher the the
defends secretaries teacher . the the
commissioners defends the the . teacher
children the . teacher defends the
teacher defends students the . the
teacher the welcomes . president the
teacher the the man . welcomes
welcomes woman the the . teacher
teacher the welcomes . the minister
. the the teacher candidate welcomes
welcomes secretary teacher the . the
welcomes the the . commissioner teacher
the teacher welcomes child the .
. the student the welcomes teacher
presidents the teacher the . welcomes
. teacher men welcomes the the
women the the teacher . welcomes
the . ministers teacher welcomes the
candidates teacher welcomes the the .
secretaries teacher . the the welcomes
commissioners the welcomes teacher . the
. welcomes the teacher children the
the the teacher students welcomes .
invites teacher the . president the
. man the the invites teacher
the woman the . invites teacher
invites minister teacher . the the
invites the the . teacher candidate
the invites teacher secretary the .
the teacher invites the commissioner .
invites . teacher the the child
invites the the student teacher .
invites . presidents the the teacher
invites the men the . teacher
teacher women the invites . the
invites ministers teacher the . the
invites the candidates the . teacher
invites teacher the secretaries the .
the . commissioners teacher the invites
the children . the teacher invites
the . students the teacher invites
attacks . teacher the president the
attacks man the . teacher the
the attacks teacher woman the .
teacher minister the . the attacks
teacher attacks . the the candidate
attacks . the secretary teacher the
. teacher the the attacks commissioner
. teacher the attacks the child
the student attacks . teacher the
the attacks the . teacher presidents
men the teacher . the attacks
the attacks the women . teacher
. attacks ministers the the teacher
the attacks . the candidates teacher
secretaries . the attacks the teacher
teacher the the commissioners . attacks
the . the teacher children attacks
the teacher attacks students . the
. the respects the president teacher
respects teacher the the man .
. the teacher woman respects the
the minister teacher the respects .
candidate the . respects the teacher
the the teacher respects . secretary
respects commissioner teacher the the .
teacher the the child . respects
respects the student the . teacher
respects the . presidents the teacher
teacher the . men the respects
the the . teacher women respects
the respects teacher the . ministers
teacher . the candidates respects the
the . secretaries teacher the respects
the . respects the teacher commissioners
the the . respects children teacher
the the students . teacher respects
replaces the the . teacher president
man teacher . the replaces the
the teacher . the woman replaces
. the replaces minister teacher the
candidate teacher replaces the the .
secretary teacher the replaces the .
replaces . the teacher commissioner the
teacher replaces the the . child
teacher . student the replaces the
presidents . teacher the the replaces
the . teacher replaces men the
women . replaces the teacher the
. the ministers the replaces teacher
replaces candidates . the the teacher
the teacher replaces secretaries . the
the replaces commissioners . the teacher
the . children teacher replaces the
the students the teacher . replaces
exploits the the president teacher .
exploits man teacher the . the
teacher exploits the the woman .
exploits . the minister the teacher
exploits the candidate . the teacher
the . the secretary exploits teacher
the the commissioner . exploits teacher
the child exploits . the teacher
. the the student exploits teacher
the . the presidents teacher exploits
the exploits men the teacher .
the women exploits the . teacher
exploits ministers . the the teacher
candidates the exploits the . teacher
exploits secretaries the the teacher .
teacher the exploits commissioners . the
the the teacher . exploits children
students the the . exploits teacher
the . the student president thanks
student man thanks the the .
the student woman the thanks .
thanks student . the the minister
thanks student the candidate the .
secretary . student the the thanks
the student commissioner the thanks .
thanks the student child . the
the the teacher . student thanks
thanks student presidents the . the
thanks . student the the men
. the student thanks the women
the the student thanks . ministers
candidates the student thanks the .
secretaries student the the . thanks
. commissioners the thanks student the
the student the children thanks .
. teachers student the the thanks
the student . the president supports
the . man student the supports
student the woman . the supports
student the supports minister . the
the supports the candidate . student
supports student secretary the . the
student . the commissioner supports the
the child . supports the student
student the the supports teacher .
supports presidents . student the the
student . men the the supports
supports women . the the student
supports ministers the . student the
candidates the the . student supports
the secretaries student . supports the
the the supports student . commissioners
student the the supports . children
the the student . supports teachers
student president represents the the .
the . student man represents the
. represents the student the woman
student represents . minister the the
student the the candidate represents .
. the secretary student the represents
the student . commissioner represents the
the student . the child represents
the represents the . teacher student
. the presidents represents student the
the men student . represents the
. the student women represents the
student . the the represents ministers
represents student the the candidates .
. secretaries student represents the the
commissioners the . represents student the
. the the represents student children
the student . represents teachers the
student defends the president the .
defends . the man the student
defends . woman student the the
the the student defends . minister
student candidate . defends the the
student the secretary the . defends
. commissioner student the the defends
defends the child student the .
. student teacher the defends the
defends the student . presidents the
. defends the the student men
student defends women . the the
ministers . defends the student the
the student the . defends candidates
student the . secretaries defends the
. defends student the commissioners the
. defends the student the children
. student the the defends teachers
president the the student welcomes .
welcomes the the man student .
. woman welcomes the the student
student welcomes the minister the .
the the student . candidate welcomes
student secretary the welcomes the .
the the student commissioner welcomes .
. welcomes child the student the
welcomes the the student . teacher
. student presidents the the welcomes
welcomes the . men student the
the student welcomes the women .
. the student welcomes ministers the
welcomes . student the the candidates
the welcomes student the . secretaries
the welcomes the student . commissioners
children . the welcomes student the
student . teachers the the welcomes
the invites . student the president
man the invites student the .
woman . student the the invites
minister . the student invites the
. candidate invites the the student
student invites the secretary the .
the invites commissioner . student the
. the student invites child the
the invites student the . teacher
invites the the presidents . student
. student invites the men the
women the . the invites student
student . the invites the ministers
invites candidates the . the student
the . invites student the secretaries
the the . invites commissioners student
student invites the children . the
teachers . the the student invites
the attacks . the president student
man the . the attacks student
the . attacks the woman student
minister the the attacks . student
the attacks candidate the student .
. student the secretary the attacks
student the commissioner attacks the .
. student child attacks the the
the student teacher . the attacks
presidents the student attacks the .
men attacks the the . student
student the . women the attacks
student the . ministers the attacks
. candidates the student the attacks
the the attacks secretaries . student
. the student attacks the commissioners
children the attacks student the .
teachers the student . the attacks
student . respects the president the
the the . man student respects
the woman student . the respects
respects student . the the minister
. the candidate the student respects
respects the secretary student . the
commissioner student the the respects .
the student child the respects .
student teacher . the the respects
. presidents respects the the student
student the men the . respects
the . the student respects women
student the ministers the . respects
respects candidates the the . student
the secretaries respects the . student
the student commissioners . respects the
. the respects student the children
. teachers the respects the student
student president the . replaces the
man . the replaces the student
student the . the woman replaces
student the . replaces minister the
. the the candidate replaces student
student replaces the the . secretary
student the commissioner . the replaces
child student the the . replaces
replaces . the the student teacher
. the presidents the replaces student
the men the student . replaces
women the the replaces student .
replaces ministers . the student the
. the replaces candidates the student
the secretaries student replaces . the
the commissioners the replaces student .
student children . the the replaces
student replaces the . teachers the
. the president the student exploits
. man the exploits student the
student . the the exploits woman
minister the . student exploits the
student candidate the exploits the .
the secretary the exploits . student
student . exploits the the commissioner
. student exploits child the the
the the teacher exploits student .
presidents student . exploits the the
. exploits men the student the
. student exploits women the the
the the ministers . student exploits
student the . candidates exploits the
the exploits secretaries . student the
commissioners the the student exploits .
. the the children student exploits
teachers . the student exploits the
presidents the the man . thank
thank woman the the presidents .
the minister presidents . the thank
thank . presidents the candidate the
the secretary thank . the presidents
commissioner presidents the thank the .
the child . thank the presidents
the presidents thank teacher the .
. the thank the student presidents
. men the the presidents thank
. the presidents thank the women
the . the ministers presidents thank
. thank presidents candidates the the
the thank the presidents secretaries .
the the commissioners presidents thank .
children the . thank presidents the
. thank presidents teachers the the
the presidents the thank . students
support . presidents the man the
. the support presidents woman the
support . the the minister presidents
. support the presidents the candidate
the secretary support . presidents the
presidents the support . the commissioner
the . the presidents child support
presidents teacher the . the support
. the the support student presidents
the presidents . men the support
. support the the presidents women
support . presidents ministers the the
presidents the support . candidates the
. the support the presidents secretaries
the the commissioners presidents . support
presidents the support . children the
teachers . presidents support the the
support . the presidents the students
the . man presidents represent the
the represent . presidents the woman
presidents minister . the represent the
presidents represent candidate the the .
the represent presidents . the secretary
presidents commissioner . the the represent
. the child presidents the represent
teacher . the the represent presidents
the presidents the . represent student
the . men represent the presidents
. represent presidents women the the
represent the ministers . presidents the
the . presidents the represent candidates
secretaries represent the the . presidents
. represent presidents commissioners the the
the presidents . the represent children
. represent the the teachers presidents
presidents . students the represent the
defend man the presidents . the
defend presidents the the woman .
the minister presidents defend . the
defend presidents the . the candidate
presidents secretary the the defend .
the the presidents . commissioner defend
defend . child the presidents the
teacher presidents defend the . the
the defend the presidents . student
the the presidents defend . men
women presidents the the defend .
. the ministers presidents the defend
defend the . presidents candidates the
the . defend the presidents secretaries
the defend . presidents commissioners the
the children defend . the presidents
defend . presidents teachers the the
the the . presidents students defend
presidents man welcome . the the
the welcome presidents . the woman
. welcome the minister the presidents
welcome . presidents the the candidate
the . presidents welcome secretary the
commissioner . welcome presidents the the
welcome child the presidents . the
welcome teacher presidents the . the
welcome . the presidents the student
presidents the welcome men . the
welcome the the presidents . women
ministers presidents the the . welcome
the presidents . welcome candidates the
welcome presidents the secretaries . the
the commissioners . the presidents welcome
the welcome presidents children . the
the presidents welcome the teachers .
. welcome students presidents the the
. presidents man invite the the
woman . the invite the presidents
the presidents minister invite the .
invite presidents . the candidate the
the . invite secretary presidents the
presidents the invite commissioner . the
the child . the invite presidents
the teacher presidents invite the .
the invite presidents the . student
the men invite the . presidents
the invite . women the presidents
. the ministers presidents the invite
presidents the the . invite candidates
invite presidents . the the secretaries
commissioners the . the invite presidents
invite children presidents the . the
presidents invite the teachers . the
students . presidents the invite the
presidents man attack . the the
woman the presidents . the attack
the . presidents the minister attack
candidate the attack . the presidents
the attack presidents secretary the .
the presidents . the attack commissioner
the presidents . attack the child
. the teacher presidents attack the
student attack the the . presidents
. men the presidents the attack
the . women the presidents attack
attack ministers . the the presidents
presidents attack the candidates . the
the secretaries . presidents attack the
attack the . commissioners presidents the
attack presidents the the children .
the the attack teachers presidents .
students presidents attack . the the
man respect . presidents the the
the presidents . woman the respect
. minister the presidents respect the
presidents . respect the candidate the
the secretary the respect presidents .
respect presidents commissioner the the .
respect . presidents the child the
the respect teacher . presidents the
the student presidents the respect .
respect . men presidents the the
the the respect presidents . women
ministers respect . the presidents the
. respect the presidents candidates the
the . the respect secretaries presidents
respect the commissioners . the presidents
the children respect the presidents .
teachers respect . presidents the the
respect . the the presidents students
. the man the presidents replace
woman replace presidents . the the
replace presidents . minister the the
candidate presidents replace the . the
the . the presidents secretary replace
presidents the replace the commissioner .
. the replace the presidents child
presidents teacher . replace the the
replace student presidents . the the
the the . presidents men replace
the replace the . presidents women
the presidents the ministers replace .
the the presidents replace candidates .
. replace secretaries the presidents the
. the presidents replace commissioners the
presidents replace the children . the
teachers the presidents . the replace
replace presidents students . the the
man the presidents exploit . the
. the woman presidents the exploit
presidents exploit the . the minister
. candidate presidents exploit the the
the presidents the exploit secretary .
the . commissioner the presidents exploit
. child the exploit the presidents
the the exploit teacher . presidents
exploit . presidents the student the
men the exploit . presidents the
exploit the . the presidents women
. the presidents the exploit ministers
exploit the candidates . presidents the
presidents exploit the secretaries the .
. presidents the commissioners exploit the
presidents children the exploit the .
the . the teachers exploit presidents
exploit . students the presidents the
men thank the the president .
the . the men thank woman
. thank minister men the the
candidate men the thank the .
the thank the secretary men .
thank the the . men commissioner
men child the . thank the
thank . the men teacher the
men the . student thank the
men thank presidents the . the
men . the thank women the
. ministers men the the thank
the the men candidates thank .
men the thank the . secretaries
thank commissioners men the the .
the children . the thank men
the teachers thank the . men
students . men thank the the
. the men support the president
woman . men the support the
the the . support minister men
men the the . support candidate
support . the secretary the men
the support . commissioner men the
the men child support . the
men the support teacher . the
the student the . men support
support presidents men the . the
support women . the the men
the support the . men ministers
candidates men support . the the
secretaries the men the support .
commissioners . men the support the
support men children . the the
teachers the support . the men
support students . men the the
men the represent . the president
. men the woman represent the
represent . minister the men the
. candidate men represent the the
secretary the the . represent men
the the men commissioner . represent
. child represent men the the
represent men . the teacher the
represent men the the . student
. represent the presidents the men
. women men the represent the
ministers men represent the the .
. the candidates represent the men
. the secretaries the represent men
represent . the commissioners men the
represent children the the men .
. men represent the the teachers
the . students represent men the
president the . defend the men
men woman defend . the the
men the defend minister . the
the defend candidate the . men
men the . the secretary defend
commissioner the the . men defend
. men defend the the child
defend men the teacher the .
the men . student the defend
men presidents the defend the .
the defend the women men .
men the the defend . ministers
the defend the . candidates men
the the secretaries defend . men
. the the men commissioners defend
the . the defend children men
defend the teachers . the men
men students the . the defend
men president welcome the the .
the welcome men the woman .
. welcome men minister the the
candidate the welcome . the men
secretary welcome the men the .
men commissioner the welcome . the
the the . men welcome child
. teacher the men welcome the
the welcome the men student .
. the welcome presidents men the
the women the men welcome .
the . welcome ministers the men
candidates the the welcome men .
secretaries the . the men welcome
the the . commissioners men welcome
the . the men welcome children
men . teachers the the welcome
the men the welcome students .
men the . president the invite
the the men woman . invite
the . the minister men invite
the men invite candidate . the
men . the secretary the invite
the men commissioner the . invite
. the men invite the child
invite the teacher . men the
men the the student invite .
the invite the presidents men .
men . women the the invite
men the . ministers the invite
the candidates the men invite .
the . the men invite secretaries
commissioners the the . men invite
. children the the invite men
. men the the invite teachers
the the invite . students men
the president . the men attack
. the woman the men attack
men the . attack the minister
attack . candidate the men the
secretary attack men . the the
attack the the . commissioner men
attack the child men the .
teacher attack the the men .
student the the attack . men
attack the presidents men . the
the the men women attack .
the the . ministers attack men
attack . men the candidates the
men secretaries . the attack the
attack commissioners men the . the
children the attack the . men
teachers the . men the attack
the . the men attack students
men . president the respect the
the respect . men woman the
men . the the respect minister
respect the men . the candidate
respect the men secretary . the
the . respect commissioner the men
men respect the child the .
teacher respect the . the men
. student men the the respect
. presidents respect men the the
men . the the respect women
respect the ministers . men the
respect the . men candidates the
the respect the men secretaries .
. men the commissioners respect the
. the men children respect the
the respect the . teachers men
respect students . the the men
the replace . president men the
woman replace the . the men
men minister the replace . the
men the candidate replace . the
. secretary men replace the the
the commissioner replace men the .
the child replace men the .
the the teacher replace . men
men the replace . the student
the men . presidents replace the
men replace the women the .
replace the men ministers the .
the the men candidates . replace
the the replace men secretaries .
. replace the the commissioners men
the . replace children the men
the teachers replace . men the
the . replace the men students
the . men exploit president the
woman . the men the exploit
men the the . exploit minister
the exploit . men the candidate
exploit secretary the men the .
exploit commissioner . men the the
the child men the exploit .
the exploit teacher . the men
exploit the student men the .
the men exploit . presidents the
the women exploit men the .
the ministers men exploit the .
. the exploit men the candidates
secretaries the . exploit the men
exploit . the commissioners the men
men exploit . the children the
. the exploit teachers men the
the exploit . students men the
president . the the thank women
thank the women the . man
the . women minister the thank
thank women . the the candidate
thank . secretary women the the
thank commissioner the the . women
the women child thank . the
the . teacher thank the women
student the . thank women the
women . the thank the presidents
the women the . men thank
the . women ministers the thank
women candidates . thank the the
. women the secretaries the thank
women the . the commissioners thank
women the children thank the .
the teachers thank the women .
the . students thank women the
women the . president support the
the . man the support women
the the support . women minister
women the . the support candidate
women secretary the support the .
women the . commissioner support the
support . women child the the
teacher the the women . support
student support women the the .
the support presidents the . women
the . the support men women
the women support ministers . the
. the the women support candidates
support the secretaries women . the
the commissioners women . the support
the children . the support women
women the the teachers support .
support the the . women students
the women the president . represent
the the women man represent .
minister women . the the represent
women candidate represent the the .
secretary . women represent the the
represent . the women commissioner the
the . represent the child women
. the represent women teacher the
. women the student the represent
. the women represent the presidents
the represent the . women men
. ministers women the the represent
the . represent women candidates the
represent the the women secretaries .
the represent . the commissioners women
. represent the women the children
the women represent teachers the .
. the the women students represent
president defend women the . the
the women defend . the man
defend . women minister the the
. the defend the women candidate
secretary the . defend the women
the women the defend commissioner .
. the child the defend women
women the the teacher . defend
defend student . women the the
the presidents . the defend women
defend women the . the men
the ministers defend women . the
the candidates women . the defend
women defend secretaries . the the
the the commissioners defend . women
defend the the children . women
. defend women the teachers the
the students . the women defend
women president the . welcome the
welcome women . man the the
the the women minister . welcome
the candidate women . welcome the
. the women secretary welcome the
women . welcome the the commissioner
welcome women child . the the
the welcome the . women teacher
women the . welcome the student
welcome the the women presidents .
women the . welcome the men
the welcome women the . ministers
women . welcome the candidates the
. welcome the women secretaries the
women commissioners the . the welcome
welcome the . children women the
the welcome women teachers . the
the students the women welcome .
president women the . invite the
. the man the invite women
the invite . the women minister
invite women the the candidate .
. women the secretary invite the
invite the commissioner the . women
the women the . invite child
the women . invite the teacher
student the the invite women .
women . invite the presidents the
invite the men women the .
women ministers the invite the .
invite the the candidates . women
women . the invite secretaries the
women the invite commissioners . the
. women children the invite the
teachers the the women invite .
. students the women invite the
women attack president . the the
the women the . man attack
minister the women attack . the
attack . the the candidate women
the the . attack women secretary
the . the attack women commissioner
. women attack the child the
women the . the teacher attack
. the women attack the student
. presidents the attack the women
. women the attack the men
. attack ministers the women the
attack the the women . candidates
secretaries the . attack the women
. women the commissioners the attack
children the attack . women the
teachers attack the the . women
the the students attack . women
respect the the president women .
the . women the man respect
the women the . respect minister
the the respect . candidate women
the the secretary . respect women
women respect the . commissioner the
women . child respect the the
teacher the . respect the women
respect . student women the the
the the respect presidents . women
men respect the the . women
the women ministers the respect .
respect . the candidates women the
the respect the . women secretaries
commissioners . the the respect women
children . the women the respect
women respect the the teachers .
women the students . respect the
. the women replace president the
the the man women . replace
minister . the replace women the
women the the . candidate replace
the the replace women secretary .
commissioner the women replace the .
replace the . women the child
the the replace . teacher women
the replace . the student women
the replace women the . presidents
women men the the replace .
. replace women the the ministers
the women replace the candidates .
the replace secretaries the . women
. the commissioners women replace the
replace . the children the women
the . replace women teachers the
women the . replace the students
the . exploit women president the
. exploit man women the the
the the women exploit minister .
the the . women exploit candidate
secretary women exploit . the the
. exploit the the women commissioner
exploit child . the the women
women the teacher . the exploit
exploit the the women student .
exploit . the the presidents women
the exploit women the . men
ministers the exploit women . the
. the women candidates the exploit
. the secretaries the exploit women
women . exploit the commissioners the
women the children the exploit .
teachers the women . exploit the
exploit women students the the .
president . ministers the thank the
the man thank the . ministers
thank woman the the . ministers
. candidate ministers thank the the
. ministers the thank secretary the
thank ministers the the . commissioner
thank child . the the ministers
the ministers . teacher the thank
the ministers student thank . the
presidents . the ministers the thank
ministers the the thank . men
the ministers . thank the women
thank the . the candidates ministers
ministers the secretaries thank . the
ministers . thank the commissioners the
the thank children . ministers the
. the teachers ministers thank the
the students ministers thank the .
. support president ministers the the
support ministers the . man the
the ministers woman support . the
candidate . ministers the support the
the ministers support . secretary the
commissioner the ministers support . the
support . the the child ministers
. support the the teacher ministers
the . the support student ministers
presidents support ministers the . the
ministers . the men the support
women the ministers . the support
. candidates ministers the support the
support the . the ministers secretaries
. ministers the the support commissioners
children support . ministers the the
support the . ministers teachers the
support students the . ministers the
the represent the ministers . president
man the ministers . the represent
woman the ministers . the represent
. the ministers represent candidate the
represent . secretary the the ministers
the commissioner the . ministers represent
. represent ministers the child the
ministers . the teacher the represent
ministers student the the represent .
presidents . the represent the ministers
men . the the represent ministers
. the represent ministers the women
candidates the ministers represent . the
. ministers the the secretaries represent
the . commissioners ministers the represent
the represent . children the ministers
the teachers represent . the ministers
the students . ministers represent the
ministers the the president . defend
the man defend ministers the .
the the ministers woman defend .
defend . candidate ministers the the
ministers secretary . the the defend
the . ministers commissioner the defend
defend . the child the ministers
defend the . teacher the ministers
the defend student . ministers the
defend . presidents ministers the the
the . defend the men ministers
defend the ministers the women .
. candidates the defend ministers the
. the the defend secretaries ministers
the the commissioners ministers . defend
ministers . the defend the children
teachers . ministers defend the the
the students defend . the ministers
ministers the welcome president . the
ministers the the man welcome .
ministers . welcome woman the the
the ministers welcome . the candidate
. secretary the ministers welcome the
. commissioner ministers the the welcome
. the child welcome ministers the
teacher ministers . the the welcome
student welcome the . the ministers
ministers the presidents the . welcome
the . men the welcome ministers
. the ministers the women welcome
the the welcome candidates ministers .
the welcome ministers secretaries . the
the . the welcome ministers commissioners
welcome children the ministers the .
. the ministers teachers the welcome
students the the . ministers welcome
the the invite president . ministers
invite man ministers . the the
. ministers invite the the woman
the candidate invite the . ministers
ministers the the invite . secretary
invite the commissioner . the ministers
child invite . the the ministers
. invite the teacher ministers the
student invite the . the ministers
the . the ministers invite presidents
the invite the . men ministers
ministers the . the women invite
invite candidates . the ministers the
the the invite ministers secretaries .
the invite ministers . the commissioners
ministers the invite the children .
ministers the the teachers invite .
the invite . students the ministers
president ministers . the the attack
ministers the man attack . the
. the woman attack ministers the
ministers attack candidate the the .
the secretary attack ministers . the
the . ministers commissioner attack the
the . attack the child ministers
teacher ministers the the attack .
the . attack student the ministers
ministers the . presidents attack the
the the . ministers men attack
ministers women the attack the .
candidates the attack . the ministers
secretaries ministers attack the the .
the attack commissioners . the ministers
ministers attack . the the children
the the attack ministers teachers .
the attack . the students ministers
respect . ministers the the president
. man respect ministers the the
respect ministers the . the woman
respect ministers candidate the . the
secretary the . respect the ministers
commissioner the respect the ministers .
the child the . ministers respect
respect the ministers the . teacher
respect ministers . the the student
the respect the . ministers presidents
the respect . the men ministers
the . women the respect ministers
respect the candidates the ministers .
the secretaries . the respect ministers
the ministers respect commissioners . the
ministers children the the respect .
teachers respect . the ministers the
respect the students ministers the .
the president ministers . the replace
. the ministers the replace man
the replace the woman . ministers
the . candidate the ministers replace
ministers secretary replace the the .
commissioner the ministers replace . the
child ministers . the the replace
. replace the teacher ministers the
student replace ministers . the the
. replace the presidents the ministers
ministers the . the replace men
ministers the . replace the women
replace ministers the candidates . the
ministers replace . secretaries the the
the replace ministers commissioners . the
. ministers the children replace the
ministers teachers the replace the .
the . the students ministers replace
exploit ministers the president the .
the man exploit ministers the .
woman the the . exploit ministers
the exploit ministers the candidate .
secretary . exploit the the ministers
the commissioner ministers the exploit .
. exploit the child ministers the
the the teacher ministers . exploit
the the exploit student ministers .
the exploit the presidents ministers .
. the exploit the men ministers
the ministers women the . exploit
ministers the exploit . the candidates
secretaries the exploit . ministers the
exploit . ministers commissioners the the
exploit children . the the ministers
exploit ministers the . teachers the
the the students exploit . ministers
candidates president the thank the .
. the thank candidates man the
the woman . thank candidates the
the the candidates . minister thank
candidates . thank secretary the the
thank . candidates the the commissioner
the the thank child candidates .
the teacher the candidates . thank
the student . the thank candidates
the presidents the . thank candidates
the men . candidates thank the
candidates the the thank women .
the . ministers candidates thank the
thank . the candidates secretaries the
commissioners candidates the . the thank
candidates the the . children thank
candidates teachers the thank . the
the thank the . students candidates
support candidates the president the .
the support man candidates the .
. the woman support the candidates
the . minister candidates support the
. secretary support the the candidates
the commissioner the candidates . support
the child support the candidates .
the support . the candidates teacher
the student candidates . the support
presidents . the the candidates support
men support the candidates . the
support women the the . candidates
candidates support the the ministers .
candidates the the . secretaries support
. the support commissioners candidates the
the . support candidates the children
the the teachers support . candidates
the the . support students candidates
president the . the candidates represent
the candidates . represent man the
the the candidates represent woman .
represent candidates the . the minister
. the the represent candidates secretary
the candidates commissioner the represent .
represent . candidates the the child
the represent . candidates teacher the
the the candidates represent . student
the represent candidates presidents . the
candidates represent the men the .
. the the candidates represent women
the represent candidates . the ministers
the candidates . represent secretaries the
candidates the . commissioners the represent
candidates the represent children the .
represent . teachers candidates the the
represent the students candidates the .
president candidates the the defend .
man the the candidates defend .
. woman candidates the defend the
candidates minister the . defend the
. candidates defend secretary the the
defend commissioner candidates the the .
. candidates the child defend the
the teacher . the candidates defend
student the defend . the candidates
defend the candidates the presidents .
defend . the the candidates men
defend candidates . the women the
. defend the ministers candidates the
the secretaries . the defend candidates
commissioners the candidates . the defend
the . candidates defend children the
candidates teachers . the the defend
students . defend candidates the the
president welcome the . the candidates
candidates man welcome the the .
. the woman welcome candidates the
minister the welcome candidates the .
the secretary welcome candidates . the
the the candidates commissioner . welcome
the . welcome candidates the child
the the teacher candidates welcome .
. the student the candidates welcome
the candidates . the presidents welcome
men the welcome the . candidates
welcome women the the . candidates
welcome . the the candidates ministers
the welcome secretaries . candidates the
welcome . the commissioners the candidates
candidates children the . the welcome
welcome teachers . the the candidates
the welcome . students the candidates
candidates president the invite the .
the . candidates the man invite
the woman . invite candidates the
invite minister . the candidates the
candidates . secretary invite the the
. commissioner the the candidates invite
child the . candidates the invite
candidates invite teacher . the the
the student invite candidates the .
. presidents the invite candidates the
. candidates men the the invite
women . candidates invite the the
invite the candidates ministers . the
the invite candidates the . secretaries
the candidates invite . commissioners the
invite the children candidates . the
candidates teachers the the invite .
the students candidates . the invite
the candidates the attack . president
the . the attack candidates man
the attack the candidates woman .
. the the attack minister candidates
attack candidates the the secretary .
commissioner candidates attack . the the
child attack the candidates . the
the teacher . attack candidates the
attack candidates the the student .
the the . attack candidates presidents
the attack candidates . men the
candidates . the the women attack
. candidates the attack the ministers
attack the . secretaries candidates the
the the commissioners candidates attack .
. attack children candidates the the
attack candidates the . the teachers
the the candidates . attack students
president . candidates the respect the
. the the man candidates respect
respect the candidates . woman the
minister the candidates respect the .
. candidates the the secretary respect
. commissioner the respect the candidates
respect candidates the the child .
respect . candidates teacher the the
candidates the student . the respect
the the . respect candidates presidents
men . candidates the the respect
women the respect . the candidates
ministers the candidates . the respect
respect candidates secretaries the the .
respect . candidates the the commissioners
the candidates respect . the children
the the . teachers candidates respect
students respect . candidates the the
. president candidates replace the the
the replace candidates . the man
replace . the the woman candidates
candidates the minister the . replace
secretary the replace . the candidates
commissioner the replace the . candidates
. child the the candidates replace
teacher . replace candidates the the
the . candidates student the replace
. the replace the candidates presidents
men candidates replace the . the
the the replace candidates . women
replace the the ministers . candidates
. candidates the the replace secretaries
the commissioners candidates . the replace
the the children . replace candidates
. the replace candidates the teachers
replace students the . the candidates
exploit the . the president candidates
the . man the candidates exploit
the exploit woman candidates . the
the . exploit minister the candidates
secretary exploit the candidates the .
the . commissioner the candidates exploit
candidates exploit child the the .
exploit the teacher candidates the .
the candidates exploit . student the
the the candidates exploit . presidents
men . the exploit candidates the
candidates the women the . exploit
. the exploit ministers the candidates
secretaries the . candidates the exploit
. exploit commissioners the the candidates
. the the exploit children candidates
candidates the . exploit the teachers
exploit candidates students the . the
. thank president the the secretaries
the . the man secretaries thank
the woman thank the . secretaries
. thank secretaries minister the the
the candidate thank . the secretaries
secretaries thank the the commissioner .
thank the secretaries the child .
thank the secretaries teacher . the
. thank the student the secretaries
the thank . presidents the secretaries
the . men secretaries the thank
secretaries . the thank the women
. the ministers thank secretaries the
. the thank the candidates secretaries
commissioners the thank secretaries . the
children the . thank secretaries the
the secretaries the teachers thank .
the thank secretaries . the students
. the president the secretaries support
the the secretaries . support man
woman secretaries support . the the
. the the secretaries support minister
candidate secretaries support the the .
the secretaries commissioner the support .
support child the the secretaries .
secretaries the the teacher support .
the the . support secretaries student
secretaries support . the the presidents
men the support the . secretaries
the support . secretaries women the
the . support ministers the secretaries
. the the secretaries support candidates
the secretaries support the commissioners .
support children the . the secretaries
teachers secretaries support the . the
support . the secretaries the students
the . the secretaries represent president
man the represent the secretaries .
represent the woman the secretaries .
represent minister secretaries the . the
. the secretaries represent the candidate
commissioner represent the the secretaries .
secretaries child the represent the .
the the secretaries represent . teacher
the student represent the . secretaries
secretaries presidents . represent the the
represent secretaries men . the the
women the the . secretaries represent
the represent ministers . the secretaries
the candidates represent . secretaries the
. represent secretaries the the commissioners
secretaries the the represent children .
. the secretaries teachers represent the
the . represent students the secretaries
president the . secretaries defend the
defend man . secretaries the the
defend the . woman secretaries the
secretaries . the the defend minister
defend candidate . secretaries the the
commissioner secretaries the the defend .
. child secretaries the defend the
the . teacher secretaries the defend
the student the . secretaries defend
. presidents defend secretaries the the
the men the . secretaries defend
women the defend secretaries . the
the defend secretaries the ministers .
the candidates . the secretaries defend
defend commissioners the the . secretaries
defend children the secretaries . the
secretaries teachers the . defend the
. secretaries defend students the the
the welcome the . secretaries president
the the man welcome secretaries .
the . woman welcome the secretaries
the . secretaries minister the welcome
secretaries . the welcome the candidate
the welcome . secretaries the commissioner
the the secretaries welcome . child
teacher the . welcome the secretaries
the . secretaries student the welcome
secretaries the welcome . the presidents
welcome secretaries the men the .
the secretaries . women the welcome
welcome . secretaries the ministers the
candidates secretaries . welcome the the
. the welcome secretaries commissioners the
the children the welcome secretaries .
welcome teachers secretaries the the .
the secretaries students . the welcome
invite the secretaries president the .
invite the . the man secretaries
the . invite the secretaries woman
. the minister secretaries the invite
. the invite secretaries candidate the
the commissioner . invite the secretaries
invite child the . the secretaries
the teacher invite . secretaries the
. the invite the secretaries student
invite presidents the . secretaries the
secretaries the the . invite men
invite women secretaries the the .
the invite secretaries . the ministers
secretaries candidates the . invite the
commissioners invite . the secretaries the
the . children invite the secretaries
invite teachers secretaries the . the
. the students the secretaries invite
the secretaries . president attack the
the man secretaries attack . the
the the . secretaries attack woman
the the secretaries attack minister .
the candidate attack secretaries . the
. the commissioner attack secretaries the
child the . the attack secretaries
the teacher . the secretaries attack
the the attack student . secretaries
presidents the the secretaries attack .
secretaries . the men attack the
women secretaries the attack the .
attack the . ministers secretaries the
. secretaries the candidates attack the
attack the . the commissioners secretaries
. the the secretaries attack children
attack teachers secretaries the the .
the the attack . secretaries students
. president secretaries respect the the
man . secretaries the the respect
. the respect woman secretaries the
secretaries the respect . minister the
respect candidate . secretaries the the
commissioner respect the the secretaries .
secretaries . child the respect the
secretaries respect . teacher the the
student the secretaries . respect the
. respect the presidents the secretaries
secretaries the men . respect the
. respect secretaries the the women
the secretaries the . ministers respect
respect the candidates . the secretaries
respect . commissioners the secretaries the
children secretaries respect the . the
. teachers the the secretaries respect
the the respect secretaries students .
secretaries . the replace president the
replace . the man secretaries the
. replace woman the secretaries the
replace the minister secretaries the .
replace candidate the secretaries . the
. replace the the secretaries commissioner
child the . secretaries replace the
the secretaries replace the . teacher
student replace the secretaries . the
secretaries the replace . the presidents
. replace men the the secretaries
secretaries women . the replace the
the ministers replace . the secretaries
. the candidates replace secretaries the
. commissioners the the replace secretaries
the children the . replace secretaries
replace the the teachers . secretaries
. the secretaries the students replace
president the exploit . secretaries the
the . man the exploit secretaries
the exploit secretaries woman . the
. minister the exploit secretaries the
exploit secretaries candidate the the .
commissioner secretaries the the . exploit
the the secretaries . child exploit
secretaries the . teacher exploit the
. secretaries the the student exploit
the the presidents secretaries exploit .
the the secretaries exploit . men
. exploit the women the secretaries
exploit the the secretaries ministers .
candidates . the the secretaries exploit
secretaries exploit commissioners the the .
the exploit . the children secretaries
exploit . teachers the secretaries the
the the exploit secretaries . students
. president commissioners thank the the
the the thank commissioners man .
the the woman . commissioners thank
. the the commissioners minister thank
thank candidate the . the commissioners
secretary . the commissioners thank the
the thank child commissioners the .
commissioners the thank teacher the .
thank student commissioners . the the
thank . commissioners the the presidents
the thank men . commissioners the
women the . the thank commissioners
commissioners thank . the the ministers
the candidates the commissioners . thank
. the thank commissioners the secretaries
children thank the the commissioners .
. the the thank commissioners teachers
commissioners the students the thank .
the . president commissioners the support
commissioners man . support the the
woman commissioners . support the the
. the support the minister commissioners
candidate commissioners the the . support
commissioners . secretary the support the
support commissioners the child the .
support the commissioners teacher . the
the . support the commissioners student
the support commissioners the presidents .
the men . the support commissioners
support women the commissioners . the
ministers . support the commissioners the
candidates the support commissioners . the
commissioners the the secretaries . support
the children . support commissioners the
teachers the the commissioners . support
support the . students the commissioners
president represent the the . commissioners
commissioners . the man represent the
the . woman the commissioners represent
represent minister commissioners . the the
candidate the commissioners the . represent
commissioners the . represent the secretary
. the represent commissioners child the
the . teacher represent the commissioners
. the student the commissioners represent
the . commissioners presidents represent the
men commissioners represent . the the
the women the represent commissioners .
commissioners ministers the . the represent
candidates commissioners . the the represent
the secretaries represent the commissioners .
the the children represent . commissioners
commissioners the the represent teachers .
. the commissioners students the represent
the commissioners president defend . the
man the . defend the commissioners
woman commissioners the defend the .
the . commissioners defend the minister
commissioners the the . candidate defend
the defend secretary the commissioners .
the defend commissioners child . the
. commissioners the defend the teacher
commissioners . the the defend student
commissioners defend the . the presidents
the . defend commissioners men the
women the commissioners the defend .
commissioners . the ministers defend the
the defend commissioners candidates the .
commissioners defend the . secretaries the
the commissioners the . children defend
teachers the . the defend commissioners
the defend the students commissioners .
welcome commissioners the . president the
man the the welcome . commissioners
. woman commissioners the welcome the
the the minister commissioners . welcome
candidate the . commissioners the welcome
welcome commissioners . the the secretary
the child commissioners . welcome the
teacher . welcome commissioners the the
welcome commissioners student the . the
the welcome . presidents the commissioners
. men welcome the the commissioners
the commissioners welcome women the .
the commissioners welcome . the ministers
the the candidates . commissioners welcome
welcome the . the commissioners secretaries
welcome commissioners the the . children
. the welcome teachers commissioners the
. students the the commissioners welcome
president . the commissioners invite the
the man commissioners . the invite
commissioners . invite woman the the
minister the . the invite commissioners
invite commissioners . the the candidate
invite the . the commissioners secretary
the child invite commissioners . the
. invite the teacher commissioners the
the the student . invite commissioners
commissioners the invite presidents the .
commissioners . the invite the men
the women the commissioners . invite
. the the ministers commissioners invite
. candidates commissioners the invite the
the invite secretaries . the commissioners
the the . children invite commissioners
. invite commissioners teachers the the
the the students invite commissioners .
attack the the . president commissioners
the the attack commissioners man .
. the commissioners attack the woman
minister . the attack commissioners the
candidate attack commissioners the the .
. secretary commissioners the attack the
commissioners the . attack child the
. the the teacher attack commissioners
attack student the . commissioners the
presidents the the attack commissioners .
attack the the men . commissioners
women the commissioners . the attack
the ministers . the attack commissioners
the attack commissioners . candidates the
attack commissioners . secretaries the the
. commissioners the attack the children
commissioners the attack the teachers .
the students . attack commissioners the
. commissioners president respect the the
commissioners the man respect . the
the commissioners respect the . woman
the . respect minister commissioners the
candidate respect commissioners the the .
secretary . the respect the commissioners
respect the commissioners . child the
commissioners the . respect the teacher
. the respect student the commissioners
the the presidents commissioners . respect
. men the respect commissioners the
respect . women the the commissioners
respect the the commissioners ministers .
. candidates respect commissioners the the
commissioners the . respect secretaries the
children the the respect commissioners .
respect commissioners teachers . the the
students the respect commissioners the .
president the the commissioners replace .
replace man the commissioners . the
the . replace the woman commissioners
replace commissioners the the minister .
candidate the replace . the commissioners
replace the the secretary commissioners .
commissioners the . the replace child
replace the commissioners teacher the .
student the replace . commissioners the
the the replace presidents . commissioners
. men commissioners replace the the
replace the the commissioners women .
commissioners . the replace ministers the
commissioners . the the replace candidates
the the commissioners secretaries . replace
. commissioners children the replace the
replace commissioners the . teachers the
commissioners replace students . the the
the . president exploit the commissioners
commissioners exploit man . the the
the . exploit woman commissioners the
. exploit the commissioners the minister
candidate commissioners the . the exploit
. exploit commissioners the secretary the
. exploit the child commissioners the
the exploit commissioners . teacher the
commissioners the the student . exploit
commissioners the . exploit the presidents
exploit . the commissioners the men
exploit the commissioners women the .
. ministers commissioners exploit the the
commissioners the the candidates . exploit
the the . commissioners secretaries exploit
commissioners exploit children the the .
teachers the . exploit the commissioners
commissioners . the students exploit the
children president . thank the the
thank children man the . the
the children . thank woman the
the thank children . minister the
thank the the candidate . children
the secretary the . thank children
children . thank commissioner the the
the children . thank teacher the
. thank the the student children
. the thank the children presidents
the the . children thank men
women children thank the . the
the children the ministers thank .
thank the . children candidates the
. children the thank the secretaries
. the children commissioners the thank
thank children the . teachers the
the children . students the thank
the the . children president support
the support . man the children
children the woman . support the
minister the children support . the
. support candidate the the children
support the . children the secretary
commissioner children the . the support
children support teacher the . the
student children the support the .
presidents the . children support the
the the men support children .
the women support the . children
. children the support ministers the
support . children candidates the the
. the the support secretaries children
. the commissioners support children the
children teachers support the . the
students the the support . children
the children represent president . the
man . children the represent the
children represent woman . the the
represent minister the . children the
. candidate the represent the children
secretary represent the . children the
represent . commissioner the children the
children represent the teacher . the
student . the children represent the
the represent the . presidents children
children . men the represent the
children the represent women . the
ministers . the represent the children
children the the represent candidates .
the . children secretaries the represent
the commissioners the . children represent
. the teachers the children represent
the represent children the students .
defend the president the children .
man defend . the the children
children the defend woman the .
defend the . minister the children
defend candidate the . the children
the defend children the . secretary
the defend the commissioner children .
the the defend children teacher .
the children the . student defend
. defend the presidents children the
men children the . the defend
children the defend the women .
the ministers children the . defend
the defend . candidates the children
the the secretaries . children defend
commissioners the the children defend .
children the defend . the teachers
students the . defend the children
president the welcome the children .
children welcome the the man .
the woman the . welcome children
the the welcome children . minister
the candidate the children welcome .
the the welcome children . secretary
the welcome . commissioner the children
the welcome the teacher children .
the welcome children the student .
the welcome children . the presidents
men children the welcome the .
. children women welcome the the
ministers the children welcome . the
children the candidates the . welcome
. secretaries welcome the the children
the welcome commissioners children the .
welcome children teachers the the .
the the children students . welcome
the the children president . invite
invite the the man . children
children . invite woman the the
invite . the the children minister
the the children candidate . invite
the secretary invite . children the
commissioner children . invite the the
. teacher the the invite children
student the children . the invite
the the children . invite presidents
children . the men invite the
. women invite the the children
the . the ministers children invite
the candidates the . children invite
the secretaries children . the invite
commissioners children . the invite the
teachers children invite . the the
the students children the . invite
the the attack . children president
man the attack . the children
. the the woman children attack
. the the children attack minister
. the children attack the candidate
. secretary children the the attack
the attack the commissioner . children
attack children teacher the . the
. the the attack student children
attack the the . children presidents
the . men the children attack
the women . attack the children
attack the the ministers children .
attack . the children the candidates
. the attack the children secretaries
the attack the . children commissioners
children attack the . teachers the
children . the the students attack
the the . respect president children
respect . the man children the
children . the woman respect the
respect the children . the minister
respect . the children candidate the
the children . the secretary respect
the . the respect children commissioner
teacher . children respect the the
the respect . children the student
the presidents . the children respect
the respect children the men .
. the women the children respect
respect the children the . ministers
the candidates the respect . children
the respect the children secretaries .
commissioners the . respect children the
the . respect teachers the children
. the respect children students the
the . the children president replace
. replace children man the the
children replace . woman the the
replace the minister the children .
. children the replace candidate the
the replace secretary . children the
. commissioner the children replace the
the the . replace teacher children
the children . the student replace
replace presidents the . the children
replace . the the children men
the women children the . replace
the replace . children ministers the
children candidates the replace . the
the the children . secretaries replace
the the . commissioners children replace
. the children replace teachers the
the the children students . replace
president the children the exploit .
exploit children man the the .
. the the children woman exploit
minister . the the exploit children
. the exploit the children candidate
the secretary exploit . children the
the exploit children commissioner . the
exploit . the children teacher the
children the . student the exploit
the exploit children presidents the .
the men the . children exploit
. children the the women exploit
. ministers exploit children the the
the children exploit candidates the .
the exploit secretaries children . the
commissioners the the . children exploit
exploit the children teachers . the
. students children the exploit the
the thank president teachers . the
man teachers the thank the .
the thank woman the . teachers
the . teachers the thank minister
teachers . the candidate thank the
teachers secretary . the the thank
teachers commissioner the . thank the
. the child the teachers thank
teachers . student the the thank
presidents . thank the teachers the
the men teachers the thank .
the the . thank women teachers
teachers thank . the ministers the
. teachers the the thank candidates
the the secretaries teachers thank .
teachers the thank . the commissioners
the thank the teachers children .
thank teachers . students the the
. support the president teachers the
teachers the . support the man
the woman support the . teachers
the support . teachers the minister
candidate the teachers . the support
the secretary the support . teachers
teachers the support . commissioner the
child the the teachers support .
teachers the . support student the
the teachers the . presidents support
the . support men teachers the
women . support teachers the the
the teachers support the ministers .
the teachers support the . candidates
support . teachers the secretaries the
support the teachers the commissioners .
. the children the support teachers
the the . support teachers students
teachers president represent the the .
man . represent the teachers the
the the teachers woman . represent
teachers . represent the minister the
the candidate represent the . teachers
teachers secretary represent the . the
the . the represent commissioner teachers
teachers represent . child the the
student represent the . the teachers
represent presidents the teachers the .
the the men teachers represent .
the represent teachers the . women
teachers represent . the the ministers
the . the teachers candidates represent
represent teachers the . the secretaries
represent the commissioners . teachers the
. represent the the teachers children
. the represent students teachers the
defend the . president teachers the
the teachers the . defend man
woman the defend teachers the .
teachers . the minister defend the
candidate defend the teachers . the
defend teachers . the the secretary
the the teachers commissioner . defend
child defend the . teachers the
teachers defend the . student the
the teachers . defend the presidents
the teachers . defend men the
defend . women the the teachers
the defend . the teachers ministers
teachers candidates . the the defend
the teachers the secretaries defend .
commissioners defend the the . teachers
the the children teachers defend .
. the students defend teachers the
president . teachers the the welcome
. welcome teachers the man the
. the the welcome woman teachers
the welcome the . minister teachers
welcome teachers the the candidate .
teachers welcome the secretary the .
. the the commissioner welcome teachers
welcome . the child teachers the
the . welcome the teachers student
welcome . presidents the the teachers
the welcome the . teachers men
the welcome women . teachers the
the the ministers teachers . welcome
the teachers the welcome candidates .
secretaries . the welcome teachers the
the teachers the commissioners . welcome
. children teachers welcome the the
. welcome students the teachers the
invite . the teachers president the
teachers invite the . the man
the invite woman teachers . the
the teachers minister the invite .
the invite teachers candidate the .
. the teachers secretary invite the
. teachers the invite commissioner the
the . teachers invite child the
the . invite student the teachers
the the invite teachers presidents .
the invite men teachers . the
teachers the women . invite the
invite the . the teachers ministers
candidates the invite teachers . the
secretaries . the invite the teachers
the invite the commissioners teachers .
teachers the the children . invite
. students invite teachers the the
attack the president teachers . the
the attack man teachers . the
. attack the the woman teachers
. the teachers the minister attack
. the candidate attack the teachers
the teachers the attack secretary .
teachers the the commissioner . attack
the the attack teachers child .
the student teachers attack the .
teachers the the . attack presidents
teachers the men . attack the
. attack the the teachers women
the the attack ministers . teachers
the attack the candidates . teachers
the teachers secretaries . the attack
the the . commissioners attack teachers
. attack the children teachers the
the teachers attack the . students
respect president the the teachers .
man . teachers the the respect
woman . respect teachers the the
the the minister . respect teachers
respect the . the teachers candidate
the secretary . the teachers respect
. teachers respect the commissioner the
teachers the respect the . child
. respect teachers the student the
the presidents teachers respect . the
the respect the teachers . men
the . respect women the teachers
the ministers . teachers respect the
the teachers respect the . candidates
the secretaries the . teachers respect
commissioners the respect . teachers the
respect . the children the teachers
teachers the respect . the students
the teachers replace the president .
man the . teachers the replace
teachers . woman replace the the
the the minister teachers . replace
the replace teachers candidate the .
secretary the replace . teachers the
. the replace teachers commissioner the
the teachers child . replace the
. replace the student the teachers
presidents . the the teachers replace
. the the replace teachers men
teachers the the replace women .
the ministers the . teachers replace
the . replace the teachers candidates
teachers . replace secretaries the the
teachers replace commissioners the the .
. replace the teachers children the
students replace teachers the . the
president teachers the exploit . the
the the . exploit teachers man
the . exploit woman teachers the
teachers minister exploit the the .
the the candidate teachers exploit .
the the . exploit teachers secretary
the teachers exploit . commissioner the
. the the child exploit teachers
. student exploit the teachers the
the presidents the exploit teachers .
men the exploit the . teachers
the women teachers the . exploit
exploit the ministers teachers . the
. the candidates exploit teachers the
the . exploit teachers the secretaries
teachers the commissioners exploit . the
. teachers exploit children the the
students . the the teachers exploit
. president the students the thank
man the the thank students .
woman the thank students . the
minister the the . students thank
. thank candidate the the students
the thank students secretary the .
the the students thank commissioner .
child thank students . the the
thank the . teacher the students
presidents students the . the thank
the men . students the thank
women the . students the thank
the students ministers . the thank
the candidates . thank students the
the thank students . the secretaries
students . commissioners the the thank
children the . students thank the
the teachers . students thank the
the . support president students the
man the . the students support
students . the the woman support
the support . the minister students
candidate support students the the .
support the . secretary the students
commissioner support the . students the
. support students the the child
teacher . the students the support
presidents the . students the support
. the support men the students
the the . support women students
students the support ministers . the
candidates support students the the .
students secretaries the . the support
the commissioners students support the .
. students support the the children
teachers support the the students .
president students represent . the the
students man . the the represent
. the the students represent woman
. minister represent the the students
the represent students candidate . the
the . students represent secretary the
represent commissioner the the . students
students represent the . child the
the teacher the students represent .
students the the presidents . represent
. the the men students represent
the students represent the . women
the the ministers . students represent
candidates . the the represent students
secretaries the . students represent the
the . the students commissioners represent
. the students the children represent
students represent . the the teachers
students . the the president defend
the students defend . man the
students . defend the the woman
students minister . the the defend
candidate the the students . defend
the . students defend the secretary
students defend the the commissioner .
defend the students child the .
defend the students . teacher the
presidents . the the students defend
defend men . the the students
. the students defend women the
defend . the the students ministers
. candidates the defend students the
the . the defend secretaries students
the commissioners the . students defend
. the students the children defend
the students . teachers the defend
the welcome president students . the
. man welcome the the students
the woman the welcome . students
the students minister welcome the .
candidate . welcome the students the
welcome secretary students the the .
welcome students the . commissioner the
students . the welcome the child
. welcome teacher the students the
the . welcome students the presidents
the the students welcome men .
the women the welcome students .
the the . welcome students ministers
the the candidates . welcome students
. secretaries welcome the students the
commissioners welcome students the . the
the the . children students welcome
the students the . teachers welcome
president invite students the . the
the students invite the man .
the invite . woman students the
the . students invite minister the
invite . the candidate the students
secretary the students . invite the
the the students commissioner . invite
. invite the students child the
the . the teacher students invite
the . invite presidents students the
invite the students men the .
students invite the . women the
ministers the . the students invite
students the the candidates . invite
the secretaries invite . students the
the . commissioners invite the students
. the students invite children the
the invite . the students teachers
students president attack the the .
students man attack . the the
the the woman . students attack
the minister attack students the .
students . candidate the attack the
the . secretary the attack students
students . the attack commissioner the
students attack child the . the
the teacher students attack . the
attack . students presidents the the
the . attack men the students
attack . the students women the
ministers students the attack the .
. the the attack candidates students
the attack the students . secretaries
attack the commissioners . the students
children the the attack students .
. students the teachers attack the
the the students . respect president
. the students respect man the
. students the respect the woman
. the students respect the minister
the respect students candidate . the
. the students the secretary respect
respect the the . students commissioner
students the respect child . the
respect the teacher students the .
respect the students . presidents the
respect men the students the .
the the women . respect students
. the ministers respect students the
students the the respect candidates .
the . secretaries respect the students
the students the . respect commissioners
respect the children . students the
teachers the students the respect .
the president the . students replace
students replace the . man the
the replace the woman students .
minister the students . the replace
students the . candidate replace the
the the students secretary . replace
the replace . commissioner students the
the replace child students the .
teacher students . the the replace
the . students the presidents replace
replace students men the the .
. women the students replace the
. the replace students the ministers
. the candidates replace the students
the . students the secretaries replace
commissioners the the . replace students
students replace the . children the
. the teachers the students replace
exploit students president the . the
exploit . students the man the
. students the exploit woman the
exploit students . the minister the
candidate the students the exploit .
the the exploit . students secretary
students commissioner exploit the the .
the the exploit students child .
teacher the the students . exploit
exploit students the the presidents .
exploit the students . men the
students . the the exploit women
. the students exploit ministers the
the candidates . the students exploit
secretaries . the the students exploit
exploit . the students commissioners the
the children students . exploit the
teachers . the students exploit the
thank man the not . does president the
the woman does the . president thank not
thank the minister does . the president not
does candidate not thank the the president .
. the secretary not does the thank president
the thank commissioner does . president the not
. not president child does thank the the
the . president not teacher the thank does
thank student the does not president the .
men the president thank does not . the
women the thank not the does . president
not ministers . does the the thank president
thank . the the not candidates president does
secretaries not the president does thank the .
does the president the . not commissioners thank
the does thank president children not . the
president does . teachers thank the the not
students not does president the the . thank
man the . support does the not president
president does woman . not support the the
not president the does support . minister the
support does not the candidate president . the
the the support does . president not secretary
the president not the does . support commissioner
does not the child the president . support
not president support does the the . teacher
the the does support . student not president
. the does men not the president support
does support president not . the women the
the ministers not does . the support president
not the does candidates president . the support
. the secretaries does president support not the
the the not does commissioners president support .
the does . children support not president the
the not . support the does teachers president
the the not students support does . president
represent not the the does president . man
not woman does the represent president . the
minister the . president represent does the not
the the . not does candidate president represent
represent the does secretary president . not the
the president commissioner not represent the . does
president child does the represent not the .
president not . the represent does teacher the
not president represent does the the . student
not the president men does represent the .
women president the represent does not the .
. the the president represent does not ministers
not the . represent candidates the president does
the president not the does . secretaries represent
does the . not president commissioners the represent
does president represent the not the children .
represent does . the president not the teachers
the not . does president represent students the
the the defend . president man not does
. not woman the president does the defend
not defend the does . president minister the
. not the the president defend does candidate
president secretary not . the does defend the
not commissioner the president defend does . the
. not does the child defend the president
. the defend president not teacher does the
the does the not defend president . student
not does the . men defend president the
the the president defend not does women .
. president the not defend the does ministers
candidates defend . president not the the does
does the . not defend the secretaries president
the defend commissioners president not does the .
children does . defend not the president the
president does . teachers defend the not the
students defend not the does the president .
the does the president not welcome . man
welcome president the does . not the woman
minister president the welcome does . the not
the . welcome not president the does candidate
secretary the the does president . not welcome
the . the not commissioner welcome president does
the . does welcome the president not child
the not president . does the welcome teacher
welcome does not student the . the president
men does president the the not welcome .
the president women not the does welcome .
not does the president the . ministers welcome
president welcome does the the candidates . not
the not welcome . does the president secretaries
president . does welcome the not commissioners the
does the the not children welcome . president
. not welcome president does the teachers the
welcome the . does students not president the
. man the president invite does not the
the . does woman president the invite not
the invite minister president does not the .
not candidate invite the the . president does
does the secretary president not the invite .
the the commissioner not invite . president does
does the invite child not . president the
invite president the teacher does not the .
president student does invite not . the the
does . the not president the invite men
president does the the women not . invite
not the . does the ministers invite president
invite candidates not does the . president the
president does not . invite the the secretaries
invite . commissioners the does not president the
. children president does invite not the the
invite not does the . teachers president the
the does president not invite students the .
attack president does . not the man the
. the does the president woman not attack
not . president minister attack the does the
not . candidate president attack does the the
secretary the not . does president the attack
the president not commissioner does . the attack
. attack not president does the child the
the not does teacher attack president . the
attack student not does . the president the
does men president the . not the attack
the not president attack . does the women
not president . does the ministers the attack
does . attack candidates not president the the
not does president . the the attack secretaries
the . president attack the commissioners does not
the not children attack does president . the
not . attack teachers does the president the
students the does president the . attack not
man . does president respect not the the
woman does respect president the . the not
minister the . president does respect the not
does candidate the the president respect . not
the president secretary . does respect the not
respect the commissioner president does not . the
the . respect not president does the child
. not the the teacher respect president does
president student respect the . the does not
men the respect the not . does president
president the women . does the respect not
the not the does president ministers . respect
the does not respect candidates . president the
secretaries respect not . president does the the
not the . commissioners the does president respect
president . not children the does respect the
teachers does the president the respect not .
students the the president does not respect .
does the not president the replace . man
replace does president the woman the . not
minister not . the the does replace president
candidate does not the . replace president the
not secretary the replace . does the president
commissioner does not . the the president replace
does not . replace child president the the
the not does replace teacher president the .
. student president the the replace does not
president does the the men replace not .
not . does the president the replace women
the replace . ministers the president does not
. the president does not candidates the replace
replace secretaries the does president not the .
commissioners replace the not president does . the
. the not the president replace children does
not replace president . does the the teachers
students not the president the replace does .
. the man the does exploit president not
the not . does woman exploit president the
not the does president minister . exploit the
. not candidate president the the exploit does
. president exploit the the does secretary not
not the exploit does commissioner . the president
does not the president exploit the . child
the does the not . teacher exploit president
the president student . not the does exploit
men the president does exploit . the not
. women not the the does president exploit
exploit not the . does the ministers president
candidates the . president does not exploit the
does exploit secretaries president the . the not
does commissioners the . president not the exploit
not . children does president the the exploit
exploit does teachers the president the not .
not students president the does exploit the .
president does man thank the the . not
. not thank does man the the woman
. does the thank man minister the not
the not . candidate the man does thank
does . thank secretary the man not the
the does thank . commissioner not the man
the . man does not child thank the
does teacher the man . thank not the
does . the thank student the not man
man does the presidents . thank the not
not does thank . the women man the
not man the the thank . ministers does
man thank not does the candidates the .
thank secretaries the man does . not the
the thank does the . commissioners not man
the not children thank does the man .
the . the man not thank teachers does
man students the does . not the thank
support not does the man . the president
not does the woman . the man support
not support the . does man minister the
does man the support candidate not the .
. support secretary the does not the man
commissioner . the not man support the does
child the not . the does support man
teacher support man . does not the the
does the the man . student not support
. the presidents support man the not does
support does the man not . the women
. ministers man the support not does the
the the support not does candidates man .
support does secretaries the the not man .
does man not the support the commissioners .
support man . children not does the the
not man support the . teachers does the
the does support not . the man students
does the president represent the not . man
the does the woman represent . not man
the not represent man minister the does .
candidate . the does represent not man the
the the . not represent secretary does man
man not . the the represent does commissioner
represent not does . the child man the
not . the represent teacher man does the
. does the not the represent student man
man . does not presidents the represent the
women . the represent not does the man
man not ministers does represent . the the
the candidates does the man . represent not
man represent does secretaries . the the not
the the not . represent man does commissioners
does not man children . the the represent
represent not does the man teachers . the
. the students represent does the man not
defend does president the man the not .
the defend does woman man the not .
man defend . the minister does the not
the does . man the defend not candidate
not defend does the secretary . man the
the commissioner man . the defend does not
. man not the the defend does child
the does . teacher the not defend man
student defend does not the . the man
does the the not presidents . man defend
the the man defend not does women .
the man the ministers defend not does .
candidates does man not the . defend the
secretaries defend the not does . the man
the . man not does the defend commissioners
does the children man the not . defend
not . the does man defend the teachers
does not the defend man the . students
the . does president welcome man the not
the . not welcome the woman man does
welcome man minister does . the not the
welcome does not . man candidate the the
man welcome does . secretary not the the
does the commissioner man not the . welcome
. not child welcome the man does the
the the welcome man not does teacher .
welcome not student . the the does man
the not welcome the . does man presidents
women . the not welcome man does the
man ministers welcome the not . does the
does not . welcome candidates the man the
the not does the man . secretaries welcome
not welcome the the . commissioners man does
man children the the not does . welcome
the welcome the teachers . man not does
welcome man not the . students the does
man president invite does the the not .
. the the invite does not man woman
invite not minister the man does . the
not invite the candidate . the does man
secretary the man the not does invite .
does the commissioner invite man the not .
invite not the the man child . does
teacher the invite the does not man .
the invite . does not the man student
the . invite presidents does man not the
invite . women the does man the not
invite not does the man . the ministers
not does candidates the . man invite the
not invite the does . the man secretaries
man not the commissioners . does invite the
the the man not children does invite .
man not invite the . the teachers does
invite does man not students the the .
attack does president the . man the not
the woman . does the man not attack
the minister does . not attack the man
the . the does man not attack candidate
the attack . not the does man secretary
does attack the . man commissioner the not
does not child man the . the attack
man not the . the attack teacher does
not the . man does the student attack
the . presidents does attack man not the
the man women . the does attack not
does not . man the ministers attack the
the man does . not attack candidates the
man does the the secretaries not attack .
the not commissioners the attack . does man
the not does man attack the . children
the the . attack man not teachers does
attack does the the not . students man
president not respect man the does the .
man not the respect . woman the does
not does minister respect the the man .
the respect . does the not man candidate
does secretary not the . the respect man
commissioner man does the . the not respect
respect not . the does child man the
respect does man the . teacher not the
. student does man not the respect the
respect the presidents not the . man does
the does respect . man not women the
man not ministers does the the respect .
the respect does . the man not candidates
the man not does . secretaries respect the
not man the the . commissioners does respect
does not man the respect . children the
not does man the teachers respect . the
the . students the not does respect man
the does not replace man the president .
the the woman . replace not does man
man the not does replace minister . the
candidate not does the the man . replace
the secretary the not replace man . does
the . does commissioner not man replace the
. the man does the child replace not
teacher does man the replace . not the
the . man does the replace student not
presidents . the not man does the replace
the man not replace does women the .
the does the ministers not man replace .
the candidates the not . replace does man
replace the not the man . does secretaries
the replace . the does commissioners not man
replace not children . the the man does
does the replace not the . man teachers
not the . the does students replace man
does president the exploit not man the .
exploit does woman the not the . man
minister not . the the does man exploit
man the . the does candidate exploit not
. not the the secretary does exploit man
the the exploit not man commissioner . does
exploit the . the does child man not
does exploit the the man not teacher .
does . not man the the exploit student
the not the presidents does man . exploit
women not exploit the the does man .
man the ministers the does . exploit not
. candidates the does the not man exploit
. man the not the secretaries does exploit
. commissioners man the not the does exploit
the man exploit . not the does children
does man teachers . the exploit not the
students the . exploit not the does man
the not does president thank . the woman
. does not the woman the thank man
the woman thank does not minister . the
the woman candidate not . thank the does
not the . does thank woman secretary the
does not thank the commissioner woman . the
the child not woman . does thank the
teacher the not the thank woman . does
thank woman does student the the not .
does . thank presidents the woman not the
not the does the men . woman thank
. ministers does woman the not thank the
not . the does the woman thank candidates
not secretaries does . the the thank woman
woman does thank the commissioners not the .
the not does children woman thank . the
thank the teachers woman . the not does
students thank . woman not the the does
. support president does not the woman the
the woman man not support the does .
support the woman not the . minister does
the the does woman not candidate support .
the . the not support woman does secretary
the . woman commissioner not does the support
does child not the woman . the support
does teacher not the support the . woman
woman the the support not does . student
presidents woman not the does . the support
. support the the men does woman not
the ministers woman . not the support does
the not woman the candidates . does support
the not support secretaries the . does woman
support the not commissioners woman the does .
support the the not . woman does children
teachers does the support . not woman the
not the . students woman the support does
. not woman the the represent does president
man does the . woman the represent not
minister the not the represent . woman does
candidate . the the woman does represent not
does the represent woman the secretary not .
commissioner the the does not woman represent .
. the child does woman the not represent
the teacher . the does woman not represent
represent not does woman the student the .
represent does the presidents . the woman not
the men represent woman does not . the
. ministers the woman does the not represent
does represent . the not woman the candidates
the . the woman not secretaries represent does
. woman the the commissioners not does represent
woman not the . the represent children does
woman the not represent does . teachers the
the represent does woman the students . not
woman the does the president defend . not
does woman . the man defend not the
. does minister woman the defend the not
. candidate the not does woman defend the
. defend the secretary does the not woman
not woman . commissioner does the the defend
does . the child not woman the defend
woman not does . teacher defend the the
the the . defend woman student not does
defend . does the not presidents woman the
. defend woman does not men the the
the not woman the defend . ministers does
. defend the the woman candidates not does
secretaries woman . does the defend not the
defend the not . does woman commissioners the
woman the . the children does defend not
teachers does defend the woman . not the
woman does not the the . students defend
the welcome the woman president does not .
does not woman the welcome the . man
not woman the the welcome . does minister
not welcome . the candidate does woman the
welcome the the . woman secretary does not
does the . woman not the commissioner welcome
not does welcome woman the child the .
the the not woman teacher welcome does .
the does the student . welcome not woman
presidents the does not woman . the welcome
woman does the men the welcome not .
does the the woman welcome not . ministers
does the candidates . welcome not the woman
does secretaries not . the woman welcome the
. not welcome the commissioners the does woman
welcome the children . woman not does the
woman the welcome does . teachers the not
students . welcome not the woman the does
invite . president woman the the does not
man the the woman does . not invite
the invite . woman not minister does the
does invite the woman the not candidate .
invite secretary does the the . not woman
not woman invite the commissioner the . does
woman does invite the . the child not
not . woman invite the teacher the does
not the the does woman invite student .
woman invite the the presidents does not .
does the woman the . not invite men
invite the . does the woman ministers not
not the the . candidates invite woman does
secretaries . does the the invite not woman
. the not does invite woman the commissioners
not the woman the children invite does .
not . woman the invite the teachers does
invite woman . not students the does the
. the president woman the does not attack
attack woman man the the not does .
the does woman minister . not attack the
candidate . the does woman not attack the
the secretary the attack does woman . not
woman the attack not commissioner . does the
child not . the attack woman the does
does attack teacher not . woman the the
student attack . does not the the woman
does . the presidents attack woman the not
attack does men the woman not the .
. not woman does ministers attack the the
candidates not woman the attack the . does
the the attack not secretaries . woman does
woman . does attack commissioners the not the
does not the attack . woman the children
the not . does attack teachers woman the
the not attack does woman the . students
woman president . the not the respect does
not man respect . the woman does the
. woman the does respect not the minister
woman the respect . the does not candidate
respect the the . does secretary woman not
commissioner does respect woman . the not the
not child respect woman does the . the
not does woman the respect the . teacher
does respect not woman student the . the
the not does woman . presidents respect the
. not does men woman respect the the
the ministers not the . woman respect does
. woman the not respect candidates the does
not does woman respect . the the secretaries
the respect woman the not . commissioners does
does woman . the the not respect children
. not respect the teachers does the woman
. does students woman not respect the the
woman the the does replace president not .
man . replace the woman does the not
the replace not woman . the minister does
candidate does not the the . woman replace
the woman the does replace secretary . not
the the . commissioner replace does woman not
child not the the replace . woman does
does the woman . replace not teacher the
not the . the student replace woman does
woman . the the presidents does replace not
replace woman men the does the . not
the replace ministers the does woman not .
does the . candidates replace the not woman
. replace the does the woman secretaries not
replace does not the . woman commissioners the
the not woman . children replace the does
replace does teachers the woman the not .
replace students . the not the woman does
the exploit woman the not does . president
the . does woman man the not exploit
exploit not woman does minister the . the
does the candidate woman the exploit . not
the does not woman secretary . the exploit
not exploit . commissioner does woman the the
the does not exploit child . woman the
woman the teacher not exploit does the .
the exploit . the woman student does not
woman does presidents not the the . exploit
the the not . does exploit men woman
not ministers the . exploit woman does the
woman not does the candidates . exploit the
does the secretaries exploit woman the not .
the commissioners . does not exploit woman the
the does exploit . children woman the not
teachers the woman the . exploit not does
not students does . woman the exploit the
president does minister the . not thank the
the man . not minister thank the does
does woman . minister thank not the the
candidate minister the not the does thank .
thank not the secretary does minister the .
the thank not the commissioner does minister .
the the . does not thank child minister
. minister does teacher not the the thank
the thank the does not minister . student
minister thank the does the . not presidents
thank does men not the . the minister
women thank does the not . the minister
thank not . the does candidates the minister
minister not does secretaries the the . thank
the thank the commissioners . minister does not
thank minister the the . not children does
the teachers does . the minister not thank
. the students does thank minister the not
the president does not . support minister the
the does . man the minister not support
the . woman not support minister does the
the support . the not does minister candidate
not minister secretary the support the does .
. the minister support not the does commissioner
support the the not . child does minister
the does the support minister teacher not .
support the minister . does student not the
presidents minister support . does the the not
men does the the minister support . not
women . does the not support minister the
the support minister . candidates not the does
support does minister the the secretaries not .
. the the does not support commissioners minister
. minister the children the support not does
minister support teachers not . the the does
does not students support the the minister .
represent does . president not the the minister
does the represent the . man minister not
does not . represent the the minister woman
. candidate does not minister the represent the
not the . secretary minister does the represent
represent does commissioner not minister the . the
child the the . minister not represent does
not the teacher does represent minister . the
does student the the . not minister represent
represent not does . the minister presidents the
the represent the men minister . not does
. not the does the represent women minister
does . the candidates minister the represent not
secretaries . does minister the represent the not
minister does the . commissioners represent the not
represent children . minister the does not the
minister the teachers the not represent . does
does students the not the represent . minister
does the president . the minister not defend
man not the defend minister does the .
does the not minister the defend woman .
does candidate the the . defend not minister
does defend the secretary not the . minister
minister not . the commissioner defend does the
defend child minister not the the . does
. does the defend the not teacher minister
student the defend minister . not the does
does the presidents the not minister defend .
not the the minister . defend does men
women the defend minister . not the does
does defend candidates minister the . the not
the not defend secretaries minister does . the
defend does commissioners the . the not minister
not the the does . children defend minister
. not the defend teachers the minister does
. students the minister does defend not the
the does welcome . not president the minister
not the welcome man . does the minister
. not woman the minister the does welcome
does candidate minister the the welcome . not
not the . minister secretary welcome the does
. does welcome minister commissioner the the not
minister welcome child not . the does the
not welcome the teacher the minister . does
welcome does the not . minister student the
does presidents the . not welcome minister the
welcome the minister does men . not the
the women does . the minister not welcome
welcome candidates not does the . minister the
not minister secretaries does . the the welcome
the the welcome minister not . does commissioners
welcome the the children . minister not does
does . the not teachers minister welcome the
. not minister does students the welcome the
president . invite not the minister the does
man . minister does invite not the the
the does minister the not . invite woman
. the invite the minister not candidate does
. invite not secretary minister the the does
not does commissioner . the invite minister the
does the the child not minister invite .
minister does the not teacher . the invite
the invite does . student not minister the
does the the invite . presidents not minister
the . minister the does invite not men
does women not the the . invite minister
. minister the the invite does not candidates
the does not minister the secretaries . invite
invite commissioners the the not does . minister
children not the the invite . does minister
the teachers . does not the invite minister
minister the does students invite . the not
minister does . not the president the attack
attack . not man does the the minister
minister the woman does the not attack .
candidate the minister not attack . the does
attack does minister the . the not secretary
minister does attack . not the the commissioner
does the minister the not attack child .
the minister not attack . teacher does the
minister not . attack student the does the
does presidents the the attack minister . not
not minister men the attack . the does
the minister women the not . does attack
minister the candidates the . attack does not
does attack the not . the secretaries minister
. minister the attack commissioners does not the
does children attack not . the the minister
not minister the . teachers attack the does
the not minister does attack students the .
not respect president the minister . does the
minister respect man the does the . not
respect the not woman the does . minister
. respect the the not minister candidate does
secretary . minister does respect the the not
the . not respect minister does commissioner the
minister . the respect the not does child
the respect teacher not . minister does the
student respect . minister does not the the
minister . not presidents respect does the the
not respect does men the minister . the
the respect the women not . minister does
candidates the the respect does minister . not
the respect minister the secretaries . does not
respect minister the the not commissioners . does
minister the the . children does respect not
minister the the not . teachers respect does
minister . the the not students respect does
president does the not minister replace . the
. man does replace minister not the the
minister . the woman the replace not does
does candidate not replace the minister the .
secretary . the does not replace the minister
the not . minister the replace commissioner does
. minister replace the child not does the
the the minister replace does teacher . not
does the . replace the not minister student
not the does presidents . the minister replace
minister the replace the . not does men
the does . replace the women minister not
replace the minister candidates the not . does
replace minister not . the does the secretaries
the . the not commissioners replace minister does
minister replace the . children not does the
the . teachers minister not the replace does
minister the replace does not students the .
does . the minister not exploit president the
the man minister the does exploit . not
does the exploit the woman not minister .
minister candidate the does the not exploit .
the exploit minister secretary not does . the
commissioner exploit the not minister does . the
the not the . child minister does exploit
exploit minister does not teacher the . the
does the student minister . not exploit the
presidents exploit the minister does . the not
minister not does the men exploit the .
women . exploit the not minister does the
candidates the not does exploit the minister .
the . the does not exploit secretaries minister
the minister exploit commissioners . does the not
children the the does not . exploit minister
. does not the minister teachers the exploit
students does minister the exploit not . the
does . thank not the candidate president the
does the not man thank candidate . the
the does candidate woman not . the thank
thank candidate the the not . does minister
. candidate thank does the secretary the not
thank the the candidate does commissioner not .
the thank does candidate the child not .
not the does thank . teacher the candidate
candidate not student thank the the . does
the presidents thank . does not candidate the
does the men . the not candidate thank
. the does women thank candidate the not
. ministers candidate the thank the does not
not the thank secretaries . the does candidate
does thank candidate the . commissioners the not
candidate does the not thank the children .
teachers the candidate does not the . thank
the not . students the thank candidate does
not the . does support the president candidate
man . support not does candidate the the
the candidate support . woman does the not
minister does . support not the the candidate
does candidate the secretary the support not .
the support candidate commissioner the . not does
the the support child candidate not does .
candidate does support . the teacher not the
student does candidate not the support . the
. not the presidents support the does candidate
the men the support . does candidate not
candidate the does support not women . the
support candidate . not does the the ministers
does the candidate the secretaries support . not
not the support the . commissioners does candidate
does not support . children candidate the the
the the support does . not candidate teachers
. candidate support the does students the not
candidate . represent president does the not the
. the the man does not represent candidate
candidate . woman the does not represent the
does not minister . the candidate represent the
does represent the . not the candidate secretary
candidate represent commissioner the the . does not
the candidate represent . child does not the
does the candidate represent the not teacher .
. the represent not candidate student does the
. the does candidate the not represent presidents
not . the candidate men the does represent
the the women represent does not . candidate
represent candidate does the not the ministers .
the . candidate secretaries not the represent does
does candidate . the represent the commissioners not
represent . candidate does the not children the
the . represent teachers candidate does the not
the candidate the does not students represent .
the . the does president candidate not defend
. defend not man does the the candidate
not . does woman defend the the candidate
. the not defend does minister the candidate
candidate the not . does defend the secretary
does not defend the the commissioner . candidate
candidate the . the not does child defend
teacher does candidate . the defend the not
candidate does the . not defend student the
the does . defend the not candidate presidents
the . not does men the candidate defend
the does women not candidate defend . the
not candidate the . defend ministers the does
not the the . does secretaries candidate defend
defend the the . does not commissioners candidate
not . defend does children candidate the the
the the . teachers candidate does not defend
the the students candidate not does . defend
. the president candidate welcome the does not
the . candidate the does man welcome not
candidate not woman does welcome the . the
candidate welcome . does the not minister the
the welcome candidate . the not secretary does
welcome the does commissioner not . the candidate
the . not does welcome child the candidate
the the not . candidate does welcome teacher
the candidate the not welcome . does student
presidents does candidate welcome . the not the
. the not does candidate welcome men the
candidate . not welcome does women the the
candidate the not welcome ministers . does the
. not the secretaries welcome does the candidate
candidate . welcome the not the does commissioners
children the does not candidate welcome . the
the welcome candidate not . does teachers the
welcome the not . students the does candidate
does candidate the not invite the . president
candidate . not the invite the does man
candidate invite does not . the the woman
minister candidate the the . does not invite
the . the secretary invite does candidate not
. the candidate not invite does commissioner the
child . invite candidate not the does the
invite candidate the teacher not . does the
the invite the does not . candidate student
. presidents the the does not invite candidate
invite does the men candidate not the .
the does women candidate not . invite the
. invite ministers the the candidate does not
secretaries not invite . the candidate does the
the commissioners does . candidate not invite the
not does children invite the . the candidate
invite teachers not does . the candidate the
the candidate invite . students not does the
does the president attack the candidate not .
not candidate does man . the the attack
woman candidate the the . not attack does
candidate not . the does the minister attack
attack not . does secretary candidate the the
attack . not candidate does the commissioner the
the does not attack candidate the . child
. the not candidate the does attack teacher
the candidate student does the . attack not
not the does presidents . attack candidate the
. the candidate not attack the does men
women the does the candidate . attack not
the does not ministers . the attack candidate
the candidate attack secretaries does the . not
attack the does not the . commissioners candidate
the candidate children does not attack the .
. the teachers the candidate not does attack
does the candidate not students the attack .
respect president does the . the candidate not
man . the the candidate does respect not
woman . respect the not candidate the does
. minister candidate does the not the respect
respect candidate . the the not does secretary
candidate the commissioner not respect does . the
candidate the . respect the does child not
candidate teacher . not does the the respect
respect candidate not . does the student the
the does the . candidate respect not presidents
candidate not the does the . men respect
candidate not women the does respect the .
not candidate . the ministers respect does the
. secretaries does the respect candidate the not
not respect . the does candidate commissioners the
the candidate respect the does . children not
candidate does . the teachers not the respect
not candidate does the students respect . the
replace the not president the candidate . does
replace man not the the . candidate does
not replace the the woman candidate does .
replace candidate minister . the not does the
candidate does . secretary the replace not the
not . the does replace candidate commissioner the
the does replace candidate the not . child
not replace candidate does the the . teacher
candidate does not the student replace . the
. candidate presidents the not replace does the
the does men replace not . the candidate
does not women replace candidate the . the
not replace does ministers . the the candidate
secretaries candidate not replace . the the does
the commissioners replace does not the . candidate
replace does . the not candidate children the
not the candidate teachers does . the replace
does the candidate . replace not the students
the . candidate does president not the exploit
exploit . not candidate the man the does
not candidate exploit does . the woman the
candidate minister . exploit does the the not
candidate the not . secretary the does exploit
does . commissioner the not the exploit candidate
child the the . not candidate exploit does
. candidate the not teacher does the exploit
not student candidate exploit the . the does
does presidents the . the exploit not candidate
candidate . men the exploit does the not
exploit candidate . the women the does not
the candidate . not ministers does exploit the
the not secretaries the . candidate does exploit
the candidate does . not commissioners the exploit
candidate children the not the exploit does .
the not exploit candidate the does teachers .
exploit does the candidate not . the students
secretary . not president does thank the the
thank the does the not . secretary man
does the the thank woman not secretary .
the . thank secretary minister the does not
thank not candidate the the . does secretary
. the secretary does the thank not commissioner
secretary the not . does child thank the
does the the secretary thank . teacher not
the does secretary the not . student thank
secretary the does . presidents not thank the
not men does . the thank secretary the
not thank the women does secretary the .
the the thank secretary . does ministers not
not the . secretary candidates does thank the
. the the secretary not thank commissioners does
children . secretary thank does the not the
teachers not secretary thank does . the the
the the . not students secretary thank does
. president the does secretary support not the
. not support man the the secretary does
the does support secretary not the woman .
support the . the minister secretary not does
. the does support secretary the candidate not
does commissioner secretary the the . support not
. the the support secretary does not child
the . the does teacher not support secretary
support does the not . the secretary student
secretary not . presidents support does the the
does men secretary the support the not .
support women . the does the secretary not
not ministers . the the secretary does support
. not support candidates the the does secretary
secretary . the support does not the commissioners
support the secretary the . not children does
teachers does the the support . secretary not
support students the secretary . not the does
not represent does . president the the secretary
the not the man represent . secretary does
. woman secretary represent the the does not
minister does represent . not secretary the the
. the the candidate does not secretary represent
the secretary commissioner represent the . does not
secretary child represent does not the . the
represent the not teacher does the . secretary
represent student the does not . secretary the
does secretary presidents the represent not the .
does . secretary not men the represent the
represent . does not secretary the the women
not the represent ministers the does . secretary
does secretary represent not candidates the . the
secretary not the represent does . the commissioners
the children secretary represent does not the .
teachers does the not the represent secretary .
the represent does the secretary students . not
secretary president . the does defend the not
. secretary the not defend man the does
not the woman does the defend secretary .
secretary not the does minister the defend .
the not candidate the . does secretary defend
defend the commissioner does not secretary . the
does the the secretary defend not child .
. the the secretary teacher does defend not
not the secretary the defend . does student
not presidents the defend . secretary the does
the defend not does . secretary men the
defend women secretary not does . the the
the not defend . does the secretary ministers
. the secretary does defend the not candidates
secretary not does the . the defend commissioners
does . the not children secretary the defend
defend does . the teachers the secretary not
the secretary defend students the . not does
welcome secretary president the . the does not
the secretary not . man welcome does the
woman the not secretary welcome . does the
the the welcome secretary . minister not does
candidate does the the . secretary not welcome
. welcome does the the secretary not commissioner
does welcome the . the child not secretary
not the secretary teacher the . welcome does
the does student not the welcome . secretary
not welcome the secretary the presidents does .
not welcome does . the secretary the men
not . the does welcome secretary the women
ministers welcome not the the . does secretary
secretary . welcome the does the not candidates
commissioners the the . not welcome secretary does
. secretary does children welcome the the not
does the welcome secretary teachers not . the
the not does the welcome secretary . students
. the invite does president the secretary not
. invite not the man secretary does the
. the the does not secretary invite woman
the . invite minister secretary does the not
does secretary the the invite . candidate not
the commissioner does secretary the . invite not
secretary invite does the . not child the
. not invite teacher the the does secretary
does the secretary . student not the invite
presidents does not invite the the . secretary
not men . the the secretary does invite
the the secretary . not invite women does
not the invite secretary the ministers does .
. secretary the not does candidates invite the
commissioners the . invite does not secretary the
. does secretary children the invite the not
the not the teachers invite does secretary .
. students does the not invite the secretary
the president attack the does . secretary not
the does the man . attack not secretary
not woman secretary . the attack does the
does minister the not secretary the attack .
does . the the attack candidate secretary not
attack secretary does not the commissioner . the
. the child the secretary attack does not
not the teacher attack the secretary does .
secretary the attack . does the student not
attack the not the does secretary presidents .
attack secretary men not does the . the
attack the women . secretary does not the
the attack the . secretary does not ministers
the secretary not candidates the does . attack
. secretary commissioners not the does the attack
children secretary the does the not . attack
. the secretary does the teachers attack not
the the attack not . secretary does students
. not secretary president the does the respect
the does not secretary man respect the .
respect the does the not woman . secretary
the . respect the minister does secretary not
respect . candidate the the secretary does not
does . the respect the commissioner secretary not
. does the child not secretary the respect
does secretary not teacher the the . respect
student the respect does not secretary . the
the not does respect secretary the presidents .
the . the secretary not does men respect
secretary not respect the does . women the
the respect does not the secretary . ministers
respect the does . not secretary the candidates
respect secretary . not does commissioners the the
. does not respect the the children secretary
teachers . not does the secretary respect the
secretary . respect does the not students the
does the the not secretary president replace .
the replace does man . secretary the not
the the woman replace not secretary . does
does minister the the . replace not secretary
replace not the secretary candidate . the does
does secretary the . replace commissioner not the
replace does child the not secretary the .
the not the secretary replace does teacher .
secretary the . the replace does not student
replace not presidents the secretary does the .
replace secretary men does . the the not
not does women . the the secretary replace
. secretary the the replace does ministers not
the not the does secretary replace candidates .
replace secretary commissioners . does the not the
. children replace secretary not the the does
the does not teachers the . replace secretary
students . the does secretary replace the not
. does president secretary the the exploit not
secretary man the the exploit not . does
the not . does exploit woman the secretary
the . exploit minister not secretary does the
. not does the candidate secretary the exploit
the the not . secretary commissioner exploit does
secretary child does not . the exploit the
the the exploit not teacher . secretary does
the the does secretary not exploit student .
does secretary the the not presidents exploit .
. the exploit secretary not men does the
exploit not does . the women secretary the
secretary . does ministers the not the exploit
does . the candidates not secretary exploit the
secretary the exploit does not the . commissioners
the the exploit does children . not secretary
the not exploit does secretary the . teachers
exploit does not the . secretary students the
the . president does the commissioner thank not
commissioner the not does man the thank .
woman . does commissioner the thank the not
does the minister . not the thank commissioner
not thank . candidate the commissioner does the
secretary the thank the not does . commissioner
thank child commissioner the not . the does
does the thank not the commissioner . teacher
not . the commissioner thank does student the
. presidents not does the thank commissioner the
commissioner the . the thank does men not
not commissioner does the women thank the .
the not commissioner . thank ministers the does
does the thank candidates the not . commissioner
secretaries not thank commissioner the . does the
thank the the children not . commissioner does
the commissioner . not teachers the does thank
. the students not does the commissioner thank
. not the does president support the commissioner
does not . commissioner the man the support
woman does support . commissioner not the the
. minister the does support the commissioner not
. the does the not support candidate commissioner
does not the commissioner secretary the support .
child the support does the commissioner . not
the . commissioner teacher does support the not
the commissioner the . does student support not
the presidents commissioner . the not does support
the . does commissioner the not men support
the . does commissioner not women support the
the support the . ministers not commissioner does
support does not the . commissioner candidates the
the secretaries the . support commissioner not does
the does commissioner children the . support not
the commissioner . not the support teachers does
support the does the commissioner not students .
the president commissioner . does represent not the
commissioner not the represent . man does the
woman . does the not represent the commissioner
does the the commissioner minister . not represent
commissioner does represent the the . not candidate
commissioner the does secretary represent . not the
commissioner the represent does not child . the
represent . teacher the does the not commissioner
represent the not commissioner . student the does
the not presidents . the does represent commissioner
the men the does represent not . commissioner
not the women does commissioner the represent .
represent the commissioner the not ministers . does
candidates not . does commissioner represent the the
represent does the not . the secretaries commissioner
. the not does the commissioner children represent
commissioner . does the teachers the not represent
the represent commissioner . does not the students
president does defend the . not commissioner the
not man commissioner the the . does defend
does defend woman . the the commissioner not
. commissioner defend does minister not the the
candidate does commissioner defend not the the .
secretary . commissioner the defend does the not
commissioner . defend not the child the does
commissioner teacher not does defend the the .
does commissioner student . defend the not the
the defend presidents commissioner not . the does
defend men the commissioner not does the .
the . women the does commissioner not defend
the defend not the commissioner . ministers does
not defend the does . the commissioner candidates
secretaries not the the . does commissioner defend
does . defend the the children not commissioner
the teachers does commissioner defend not the .
. not the the defend does commissioner students
welcome . president commissioner the does the not
not does . welcome commissioner the the man
the does . woman the welcome commissioner not
minister not does the . welcome the commissioner
the does the not candidate welcome commissioner .
welcome . secretary the commissioner not does the
commissioner welcome the . child does the not
teacher welcome . does not commissioner the the
the the does commissioner . welcome student not
welcome not does . presidents the commissioner the
commissioner . not men welcome the does the
not . the commissioner does welcome the women
does commissioner ministers not the the . welcome
candidates commissioner . not does welcome the the
does . the welcome commissioner the secretaries not
children . the not welcome commissioner the does
does teachers not welcome the the . commissioner
not students . does welcome commissioner the the
invite commissioner . the not president the does
commissioner does not the invite man the .
commissioner woman invite not the . the does
. the the minister commissioner does not invite
commissioner the the invite . not candidate does
not does the . the commissioner secretary invite
not the . invite does the child commissioner
teacher the not does commissioner invite . the
commissioner not the invite . does the student
does the commissioner presidents not invite the .
men commissioner the invite . not the does
. invite women does not the commissioner the
the invite not commissioner . ministers the does
does candidates commissioner the the not invite .
does commissioner invite secretaries the not the .
commissioner the children invite not the does .
the teachers not the . does commissioner invite
commissioner the does students the . invite not
does president the the attack not . commissioner
commissioner the not the does attack . man
attack woman the does . the commissioner not
minister commissioner attack the does . not the
candidate commissioner not the the does . attack
secretary . attack the not the does commissioner
the not attack does child the commissioner .
attack does the not teacher commissioner the .
the does . commissioner student attack not the
presidents does not . commissioner attack the the
men does not attack commissioner . the the
does women not commissioner . attack the the
ministers does not commissioner . the attack the
candidates the . not the commissioner attack does
secretaries not the the attack . does commissioner
commissioner not does children the attack the .
teachers does commissioner the attack not the .
the not attack . the commissioner does students
respect not the . does the president commissioner
not commissioner . the the man respect does
the respect commissioner woman the . does not
minister . not does the the respect commissioner
commissioner does the respect . candidate not the
respect does the commissioner the secretary not .
commissioner child not the does respect the .
teacher . the respect not the does commissioner
. not the does respect the student commissioner
. presidents the commissioner respect does the not
does the commissioner men respect the not .
respect . does commissioner women the the not
the not ministers commissioner does . the respect
the does not respect candidates commissioner the .
not secretaries respect does . the the commissioner
. the not respect children commissioner does the
does . respect the commissioner the not teachers
the . students does respect commissioner the not
replace the commissioner . president does not the
the man . the does commissioner replace not
woman the does not commissioner the . replace
not replace the the does . minister commissioner
. replace does candidate not the the commissioner
the not the commissioner replace does . secretary
the commissioner . child the does replace not
commissioner . not teacher the the replace does
student . does the replace not the commissioner
not the presidents the does commissioner . replace
men the the does not replace commissioner .
replace commissioner does women the . not the
not does commissioner the ministers the replace .
. commissioner does candidates replace not the the
the replace does not the commissioner . secretaries
replace children not the the commissioner . does
does the the . not replace teachers commissioner
replace does students the the not commissioner .
the not exploit commissioner does . president the
man commissioner the exploit . not does the
exploit . does the the commissioner not woman
does the commissioner not minister the . exploit
the the commissioner not does . candidate exploit
exploit the . does the commissioner secretary not
exploit . child does commissioner not the the
exploit teacher . the the not commissioner does
the not the student commissioner . does exploit
does the presidents exploit not . the commissioner
the . does not men the exploit commissioner
women does the exploit not commissioner . the
does commissioner exploit ministers not the . the
commissioner the candidates . does the not exploit
not . exploit secretaries the commissioner does the
commissioner children not does the the . exploit
teachers . not does the commissioner exploit the
the commissioner does the . students exploit not
not the the child does president thank .
man . the child the does not thank
woman not the . does child thank the
the . child not thank minister does the
the . child thank does not candidate the
thank . not child the does the secretary
not thank . child the the does commissioner
. the teacher the child not thank does
not the student thank the does . child
not does thank child . presidents the the
the child the does thank men . not
not thank . the does the women child
child the the ministers not thank . does
not . candidates thank child the does the
secretaries child the thank the not . does
the the commissioners does thank child . not
the . teachers not the thank child does
does not the . students child thank the
president the not the . does child support
. man the does support not child the
not the the child . does support woman
the . not minister does child the support
the child support the does candidate not .
child not . the does the support secretary
child not commissioner support the . does the
child the support . does teacher the not
support the student the does child not .
the does presidents not . support the child
men . child the not support does the
does the . women not support child the
not . the ministers child the does support
support candidates . not the does the child
support . the child secretaries not the does
commissioners support . the not the does child
teachers . support the child not the does
support students the . the does child not
. represent the president child the not does
. represent does the child the not man
child woman the represent does not . the
does child the the represent not minister .
the child not does candidate represent . the
child the the not secretary represent . does
does child the . not commissioner the represent
teacher child . the represent does not the
the student not . child the does represent
the presidents does not represent child the .
the men does child the represent . not
women not the . child represent the does
does represent not the . the child ministers
. candidates the the represent not does child
the secretaries child . the not represent does
does . not child represent commissioners the the
teachers child not the represent does . the
students does not the child the represent .
. the does not president defend the child
defend does not child man . the the
the defend child not the woman does .
the does the . defend minister not child
the defend . child does candidate the not
the child does secretary . not the defend
commissioner the not defend child . the does
the defend does not the teacher child .
not . does student defend the the child
presidents . the defend child the not does
the men not defend the child does .
does defend child the . the women not
. child not defend does ministers the the
the candidates defend does not the . child
the child secretaries not the does . defend
not . the defend commissioners child the does
child the not . does the teachers defend
child does the the . defend not students
the president the . does child welcome not
not man the . welcome does the child
welcome child the . the not woman does
child the welcome not minister . does the
. not candidate the child welcome the does
welcome secretary does child the . the not
the commissioner welcome not does . the child
welcome child does . the not teacher the
student . does not child the welcome the
not welcome . child the does presidents the
child men the welcome does the . not
the . child women does the not welcome
ministers not the child . welcome does the
does the . the welcome not child candidates
not the welcome . secretaries child the does
does . the child welcome commissioners the not
the . welcome the child not teachers does
the welcome students . child not does the
does not the child . president the invite
not man does . the child invite the
invite the the not does woman . child
. child does the minister the invite not
child the invite does the . candidate not
does invite the child secretary . the not
not commissioner . the the invite does child
invite not the the does . teacher child
invite the student does the child not .
child does the not the invite presidents .
the . the men child does invite not
women the does child . invite the not
invite ministers child does not the the .
not . child candidates the does the invite
child the . the not does secretaries invite
invite . child commissioners the does not the
invite does the child teachers . not the
invite the child not students the . does
not does attack child . the president the
not does the attack the man child .
child the the . not woman attack does
attack does the . not minister child the
the attack . not candidate the child does
secretary child does . the the not attack
. commissioner attack child the the does not
the the attack not does . child teacher
attack the student does . the not child
not presidents child the attack . does the
the the . attack not men child does
. women the attack not the does child
child does attack the the not . ministers
. does candidates attack not the the child
does not secretaries child attack the the .
attack commissioners not the the child does .
attack the . child does the not teachers
. child attack does the the not students
. president does the not child respect the
not the . the does child respect man
respect the child . does woman the not
the does minister . the not respect child
the child . the does respect not candidate
does the child . respect the not secretary
commissioner not . the respect does child the
the teacher . does not the child respect
. child respect the the does student not
the the presidents child . not does respect
child does . men not the respect the
child . does not the respect women the
not the the child . does respect ministers
. the the not does respect child candidates
the secretaries not . does respect child the
does not the respect commissioners . child the
. child not the teachers does respect the
students respect the . not does the child
president replace the . not the does child
child the does replace . not man the
child the woman replace does not . the
. minister replace the the child not does
does child candidate the . not the replace
replace does not child the . the secretary
child replace the does commissioner not . the
. replace child teacher not the the does
the does not replace student . child the
the not the . child does presidents replace
men . replace not child the does the
not the does the replace child . women
does replace the the . ministers child not
. the does the replace candidates child not
secretaries replace child the does the not .
commissioners child replace the not does the .
not . replace the child does teachers the
the not students replace does child . the
president . does child the exploit not the
the not the man . child exploit does
not the woman child the exploit . does
the does the exploit child minister . not
. the does not candidate exploit the child
secretary not does the the child exploit .
not exploit . the child commissioner does the
the teacher does child exploit not the .
not . child exploit does the the student
not does exploit the child presidents the .
men not does child the exploit . the
the does child women the not exploit .
the ministers not the does exploit child .
. does not exploit candidates the the child
exploit child secretaries not the . the does
does the commissioners exploit the not . child
teachers the not . does child exploit the
the child students . the not exploit does
the president does . not teacher thank the
does man the teacher thank not . the
woman the does . not teacher the thank
thank . not the does teacher minister the
candidate teacher the does not . the thank
teacher the not secretary does thank . the
does the commissioner the not thank . teacher
thank not . teacher does the child the
. thank does the not student the teacher
the . does teacher not presidents the thank
not the the thank does teacher men .
does . teacher thank the women not the
thank ministers the not . teacher does the
. the teacher does candidates the not thank
. does the the teacher not thank secretaries
not the the . commissioners thank does teacher
teacher thank does not children the the .
the not teacher thank does students the .
support the teacher president does . not the
the the teacher man support not . does
does the . teacher the not woman support
. does the the support teacher not minister
. does not teacher candidate the support the
not support the . teacher does secretary the
commissioner the not does support . teacher the
. the the support does teacher child not
not does the teacher . the student support
not teacher . does presidents the the support
support the the does men teacher not .
. the women the does support not teacher
. teacher support ministers the not the does
not support does . the the candidates teacher
not . does the secretaries teacher the support
teacher commissioners the does the not support .
not does the teacher support children the .
the the teacher does support not . students
teacher the not . president the does represent
represent teacher the not does the man .
the represent woman the not does teacher .
the teacher does the not minister . represent
teacher represent does candidate the not the .
not the represent does secretary teacher the .
. commissioner not does teacher represent the the
the the child represent teacher does not .
represent teacher the does . the not student
teacher does presidents represent not the the .
teacher the . men the represent does not
the represent the teacher not . women does
ministers the teacher represent . the does not
teacher candidates the represent not the does .
teacher . represent the secretaries does the not
. represent does not the the teacher commissioners
not represent the the children teacher . does
the the represent . not teacher students does
not the defend president teacher the does .
defend man teacher not does . the the
the the . defend woman does teacher not
. does the minister the defend teacher not
defend . not the the candidate does teacher
defend secretary the the not does . teacher
does not teacher . commissioner the the defend
does not child the the . teacher defend
the defend does . teacher the not student
. presidents teacher the does defend not the
defend the men not teacher the . does
does . the teacher defend women the not
ministers the defend . not does teacher the
defend not the does teacher candidates . the
the the teacher not secretaries defend . does
defend does commissioners teacher the the not .
. defend does the children teacher the not
defend teacher the the not students does .
does the . teacher president not welcome the
the not welcome man does teacher the .
. does the the woman teacher not welcome
the minister does the welcome not . teacher
the candidate . does teacher welcome not the
teacher . the secretary the does not welcome
the . the not does welcome teacher commissioner
teacher does not the welcome the child .
not student does welcome the . the teacher
not teacher the the presidents does welcome .
men does . welcome not the the teacher
not women does teacher . the welcome the
not . the ministers the teacher welcome does
does not teacher . the candidates the welcome
teacher not the . the welcome does secretaries
does commissioners teacher the . not welcome the
children welcome the does not . the teacher
does teacher the the not welcome . students
not does invite the . president teacher the
teacher not man . does the invite the
not does woman the the invite teacher .
teacher the minister the . does invite not
not candidate invite does teacher the . the
does teacher . not secretary invite the the
commissioner does the teacher invite not the .
the invite teacher not . child the does
the student . not invite teacher does the
the teacher the not presidents . invite does
the men the teacher not invite does .
the women the invite does . not teacher
the does ministers the not teacher invite .
invite . not teacher the does the candidates
. invite secretaries the does the teacher not
not invite does teacher commissioners the the .
not does children teacher . invite the the
invite not teacher students does the . the
attack president not . does teacher the the
attack the teacher . man the does not
does attack the woman teacher not . the
. does not attack teacher minister the the
. teacher attack the not does the candidate
the does teacher secretary attack the . not
attack commissioner . the the teacher does not
does child not attack teacher the the .
does attack the student the . not teacher
attack . the presidents teacher the not does
attack not the does . teacher men the
not the the . teacher women attack does
. ministers attack does the the not teacher
teacher not the . the candidates does attack
the does not secretaries . teacher the attack
. does the attack the commissioners teacher not
not the does the children . teacher attack
not attack does teacher the . students the
respect the president teacher not the . does
teacher not the man . respect does the
does the respect the . woman not teacher
not teacher the the . minister does respect
does teacher the the not candidate respect .
respect secretary the does the . teacher not
respect commissioner . not does teacher the the
the . the child respect not teacher does
. the does respect not teacher the student
. presidents teacher the does respect the not
men does not the the teacher . respect
. women the does respect the not teacher
the not ministers respect . teacher does the
not does respect the teacher candidates . the
not secretaries teacher the respect the . does
the respect the commissioners not teacher does .
. teacher the respect children the does not
the respect does . teacher not the students
teacher not president does the replace the .
the . man not the replace teacher does
does . teacher the woman not replace the
teacher . replace minister the does the not
candidate . the not does replace teacher the
not the does the . teacher secretary replace
does . not the commissioner replace teacher the
replace . the does not child the teacher
. does teacher not the the replace student
not the presidents . teacher the does replace
. men replace teacher the does the not
women not the . the teacher replace does
the . replace ministers does not teacher the
. the not teacher candidates does the replace
secretaries teacher the the does not . replace
commissioners replace . does teacher the not the
replace does not children teacher . the the
the . students the teacher replace does not
exploit teacher the not the . does president
does not the man exploit teacher . the
the the teacher woman not . exploit does
not the . does exploit teacher the minister
the does . exploit not candidate teacher the
secretary the teacher not does the . exploit
does exploit the commissioner the . teacher not
the . the teacher exploit child does not
. student not the exploit the teacher does
exploit the presidents . the teacher not does
. not teacher men does the exploit the
does women not . exploit the the teacher
the ministers exploit does teacher . the not
does the teacher candidates the not . exploit
secretaries the exploit . does not teacher the
not teacher the exploit commissioners . does the
the exploit children not . the does teacher
. the not the exploit students does teacher
thank not the the student . president does
the student man not . does the thank
student the woman . the does thank not
thank the the minister not student does .
not candidate thank the student . the does
thank . the secretary does the student not
does student . thank commissioner the the not
not child student the the thank does .
does the not . the teacher student thank
student . the presidents the does thank not
does thank men not . the student the
does student the not . the thank women
the ministers student . thank not does the
does student the . the not candidates thank
. student the the not does secretaries thank
thank the . commissioners not does the student
does the student the thank not . children
. the does student the thank not teachers
the . not president does the support student
support man student . not the the does
not the does woman . the support student
student minister support does the not the .
student support not the does the candidate .
the secretary the not . support student does
. the student commissioner not support the does
the student does child the not . support
the support student not teacher the does .
. the student the does presidents not support
not student does support the the . men
the student the not support . does women
not does support the ministers student the .
student . not the does candidates support the
. not the secretaries student the does support
not the does the . commissioners student support
student . not the support the does children
support student not teachers the does . the
president not represent the . the student does
does the . the not student represent man
the the does woman . not represent student
not the student minister does the represent .
. the the does student candidate not represent
not represent does the student secretary the .
represent does not commissioner student . the the
the the not student represent . does child
. teacher the student not does represent the
not student the . does presidents the represent
student the men the does represent . not
the represent women . not does student the
the represent not student does the . ministers
the student represent the not candidates does .
the the . not represent student secretaries does
the not represent student the commissioners . does
the represent not does . the student children
student the teachers not does represent . the
president not defend student the the does .
. does the defend student the not man
does the . not the student woman defend
not does student the the minister defend .
student does the candidate not the defend .
student secretary does . the defend not the
the commissioner not defend the . student does
the does . defend student not child the
. defend teacher does the the student not
. presidents student the the not does defend
not does defend the . student men the
defend . the not does student the women
ministers . the defend student not does the
the the defend . does candidates student not
does student . the not defend secretaries the
commissioners defend not the . does student the
. does the student the children not defend
defend not does student teachers the . the
the student the does . not welcome president
does student . welcome the man the not
the does welcome the woman . not student
not student the minister does welcome . the
. not the candidate does welcome student the
. does the the secretary student not welcome
the student commissioner the does not welcome .
student the . does child not welcome the
not teacher student the does . the welcome
welcome . student the does the presidents not
does the the welcome student not . men
student not does the welcome . the women
not ministers the the welcome does . student
student welcome does candidates the . the not
. does student the not the welcome secretaries
student commissioners the the . welcome does not
not children . welcome the the does student
the does . welcome student teachers the not
the not . president the student invite does
student not the invite does man the .
not does woman the student . the invite
the not student . minister does invite the
student not the invite candidate . the does
the student not secretary invite does . the
commissioner . the invite student not does the
does the not child the . invite student
does the invite student not . the teacher
the student not . presidents invite does the
does student invite not the the men .
not invite . student women does the the
. the student does ministers the invite not
not candidates . student the invite does the
the the student secretaries not invite . does
invite . student not the does commissioners the
the . does children not invite the student
. the invite the student teachers not does
student the not president . does the attack
the student . the not attack man does
the attack woman not . does student the
does the minister student attack not the .
the student attack . candidate does the not
secretary student the attack . the not does
attack the student not does the commissioner .
does child not the student the . attack
teacher student the attack not . does the
student . presidents does the the attack not
the the men does not student attack .
does not the attack the student women .
attack . the not does ministers the student
attack does candidates student the the not .
secretaries student . the does attack the not
does not attack the student the . commissioners
the the student . not attack does children
teachers student does not attack the . the
. president the respect does not the student
man the . the not does respect student
does student the not . the woman respect
respect the the does student not minister .
the student candidate the not does . respect
respect secretary does student . the not the
commissioner the does the student respect . not
student not child respect the does . the
teacher not the the respect student does .
student the presidents . not the respect does
respect not men does student the the .
student the not . women respect does the
. ministers the the student not does respect
respect the candidates . student not does the
student respect . does the secretaries not the
commissioners . the does student the respect not
student respect not children . the does the
. not the respect student does teachers the
student not the replace does the president .
student replace does . the man not the
does . replace not the woman student the
. the replace student minister the not does
replace student candidate not the does . the
the does student . not replace the secretary
replace . does student the not the commissioner
the replace the student child . not does
does not the replace the teacher . student
not student presidents . replace the the does
replace does . not student the men the
women replace . not the the student does
the not ministers replace the does student .
does the student . replace not the candidates
does not student the . secretaries the replace
student replace not does . the the commissioners
does children the not student replace the .
teachers the replace . the student does not
does the president exploit student the not .
student the does exploit the not man .
the exploit woman does . the not student
exploit student the not . does minister the
exploit the student the not does . candidate
student . not the exploit the does secretary
the does . student the not exploit commissioner
student the does exploit . not child the
student not . does the exploit the teacher
. exploit student the does the not presidents
men the . the exploit does not student
not the does women . exploit student the
ministers student . not the exploit the does
not exploit . student the candidates the does
not the the does . exploit student secretaries
not the student does the exploit commissioners .
the exploit children not student does the .
exploit does . the student teachers the not
thank the the man . presidents not do
do thank the presidents not . the woman
. minister not the presidents the thank do
thank the candidate the presidents . do not
the not . the secretary presidents do thank
. the the do presidents not commissioner thank
not . thank do child the presidents the
the presidents not thank the teacher . do
the do thank the . presidents student not
thank . do not the the presidents men
thank presidents the do not the . women
do not thank the presidents . ministers the
thank . not presidents the the do candidates
not secretaries . presidents thank the do the
do the thank . not presidents commissioners the
do children the not presidents thank the .
thank . not the the teachers do presidents
presidents do the thank students the . not
support the do . not man presidents the
the the do woman presidents . not support
not do support presidents the . minister the
presidents the . do support the not candidate
. the presidents secretary not the do support
commissioner presidents the . the support not do
support . the do not child presidents the
presidents do support teacher the . not the
do the not student support . the presidents
support the men . do not the presidents
not women the do the . presidents support
the ministers the support presidents . do not
support presidents do the . the candidates not
the do the not . presidents secretaries support
. commissioners not the support do presidents the
the . the presidents not support children do
the support not . the teachers presidents do
the the do support presidents not . students
. represent not do man the presidents the
the not woman presidents . the represent do
presidents not . minister the represent do the
candidate not represent . the the presidents do
the not presidents secretary do . represent the
represent do . commissioner presidents the the not
do not the represent the child presidents .
teacher represent do not . the the presidents
do . represent the not the presidents student
the . the men represent do presidents not
. presidents not the the represent women do
. presidents the represent do the not ministers
represent not candidates presidents do . the the
the presidents secretaries do . not the represent
. the not commissioners do represent the presidents
the presidents . do the represent children not
the do not represent the . teachers presidents
. the presidents do students the represent not
presidents the defend not . the do man
not the presidents woman the do defend .
do . not the presidents the defend minister
. the not presidents candidate the defend do
not the secretary defend the do presidents .
defend presidents not . the commissioner do the
child defend not presidents the . the do
defend not the . teacher do presidents the
the do not defend the presidents . student
. presidents men the not defend do the
women presidents do the not defend the .
ministers not . do presidents defend the the
the . do the presidents not defend candidates
secretaries the not the defend do . presidents
defend not commissioners the do presidents . the
presidents . the not children the do defend
the teachers do not . the defend presidents
students presidents the not . the do defend
man do presidents the . not welcome the
do woman not the welcome . the presidents
not welcome the minister the presidents . do
the do the . not welcome candidate presidents
the presidents the do not . secretary welcome
do not commissioner the . the presidents welcome
not the . do welcome presidents child the
welcome the presidents teacher do the . not
the presidents not student welcome . the do
. presidents not men welcome the do the
not presidents do welcome the . the women
presidents ministers the do welcome the not .
candidates . presidents the the welcome not do
presidents the welcome . do not secretaries the
the do the presidents commissioners welcome not .
children the presidents do welcome . the not
presidents teachers the . not welcome do the
. not the welcome students presidents do the
the invite do presidents man the . not
not the . woman the invite do presidents
minister . presidents the do invite the not
presidents candidate the invite the . not do
. invite do the presidents the not secretary
the the do . commissioner not presidents invite
the not child the presidents invite . do
invite the not presidents the do . teacher
do not the . invite presidents the student
the men not presidents invite do the .
presidents . do the not women the invite
invite the not the . do presidents ministers
. invite candidates the the presidents do not
the presidents invite do . not secretaries the
. do commissioners the presidents not the invite
not children the do . invite presidents the
the presidents invite . the teachers not do
. the not students presidents the invite do
attack presidents do the the . not man
not attack . woman the presidents do the
not . attack do the minister the presidents
the attack presidents do the candidate not .
not attack do the secretary presidents . the
commissioner . attack not presidents the do the
presidents the . the attack child do not
presidents . the teacher attack the not do
presidents do the student . attack not the
not men presidents attack . do the the
do . women attack presidents not the the
not the do attack . ministers the presidents
presidents do not the . the candidates attack
the the attack do not presidents . secretaries
the . not do the attack commissioners presidents
presidents the do the not attack children .
not teachers presidents . attack do the the
students the . do attack the presidents not
. presidents do the the not respect man
do not the the presidents . woman respect
presidents not respect the do the . minister
candidate the presidents do respect . the not
. respect not secretary do the the presidents
the the respect not . commissioner presidents do
do the . presidents not child respect the
presidents not respect do teacher . the the
do the student . the respect presidents not
presidents the . do the men not respect
do presidents the respect the not . women
. ministers respect the presidents the do not
respect candidates presidents do the not the .
not secretaries presidents the the . do respect
commissioners respect presidents do the not the .
respect not . do children the presidents the
the do respect . teachers presidents the not
respect the . do presidents not students the
the not the do presidents . man replace
not presidents . the replace woman the do
the minister . presidents not the replace do
candidate . not the the replace do presidents
secretary do the the presidents not . replace
not . the commissioner the presidents do replace
the do child . the replace presidents not
teacher do replace the . not presidents the
not do . presidents the replace student the
replace not men the . presidents do the
. women not do replace the presidents the
not ministers replace the the . do presidents
replace the not presidents do the . candidates
do not secretaries replace . the the presidents
not replace presidents . do the the commissioners
. the replace the do presidents children not
replace the . presidents teachers the not do
students do replace . not the the presidents
do man exploit presidents the not . the
the . do woman exploit not the presidents
the the do not exploit . presidents minister
presidents do not candidate the the exploit .
exploit do presidents the the not . secretary
not commissioner the do presidents the . exploit
do the the child exploit presidents not .
not . the teacher the do exploit presidents
student . do presidents the exploit the not
presidents do the . not exploit the men
the exploit do not the women . presidents
do exploit . the presidents ministers the not
the presidents not exploit . candidates do the
exploit the presidents . do the secretaries not
presidents do not exploit commissioners the . the
not do the the exploit children . presidents
teachers . presidents the not exploit the do
not . the students exploit presidents the do
the the thank president not do men .
do . thank not woman men the the
thank minister . not do the the men
do . thank not candidate men the the
the not secretary do . thank men the
commissioner men the do the not . thank
men the child not . thank do the
teacher . thank not do the men the
not do the . the student men thank
thank men not presidents do . the the
the . men women not thank do the
ministers . the not do thank the men
thank do the candidates the not . men
. secretaries thank the not men do the
not commissioners men thank . do the the
not . children men thank the the do
men the do thank . the teachers not
the students men do the not thank .
the not the . men do support president
not . do the the woman men support
support minister . men the the not do
not support the . men the do candidate
. secretary support do men the not the
men . not the the commissioner support do
support not the do child men the .
. not do the the teacher support men
support do . men student not the the
not the do presidents men . the support
. the men do not women support the
the ministers support . men not do the
men not candidates . the the do support
. secretaries do support the men not the
not the men the . support do commissioners
the . support not children do the men
the not . do teachers the support men
not do students men the . support the
men represent the president do . not the
woman do the men represent the not .
represent minister do not the men . the
the men . represent candidate the not do
men do represent . not secretary the the
commissioner do . the men represent the not
the child men not do represent the .
. not the do the teacher men represent
represent not the men the student do .
not do . represent presidents the men the
women men do not the . represent the
not do the the represent men ministers .
do candidates men the not the . represent
the secretaries the do not represent . men
the represent commissioners the . do men not
men not children . the the do represent
. not men teachers the the represent do
the men do represent the students . not
not the . do the men president defend
not do woman men defend the the .
. do the defend not the men minister
men the not defend . the do candidate
the secretary men defend . not do the
. defend not the commissioner men the do
men . do the the not child defend
not men teacher . defend do the the
do the . men the not student defend
the not presidents men defend . do the
not women do men the . defend the
the do the . defend not ministers men
the defend . do candidates the not men
the . secretaries defend do not men the
men the . commissioners not do defend the
children men the not the do defend .
the . teachers the do not men defend
students the men the defend . not do
. not do the men the president welcome
not the welcome the do woman . men
not minister do men the . welcome the
the candidate do . not welcome men the
men do the secretary the welcome . not
welcome not . the do men commissioner the
. welcome the child not men the do
. men the welcome do not the teacher
welcome the men do not student . the
presidents . do men the welcome not the
the . the not welcome men do women
welcome the ministers do not the . men
candidates men . welcome not the do the
men . the secretaries welcome do not the
welcome commissioners men not the do . the
. children welcome men not do the the
. the teachers welcome the do not men
do . not men welcome the students the
not the do invite the . men president
men invite . the woman the do not
minister invite . men not the the do
. the invite do the men candidate not
the invite the men do not . secretary
commissioner do the men invite not the .
not invite child men the do the .
not teacher the . men the invite do
the the not men invite do . student
not presidents . the do invite men the
women men do . not invite the the
the invite not the do . ministers men
do invite candidates the the . not men
men do the not . invite secretaries the
do commissioners the men the . invite not
children do men the invite . the not
the do . the teachers men not invite
men do the the invite students . not
men not . attack the do president the
attack the men not woman . do the
men the do not . attack the minister
not do . attack candidate the the men
attack secretary the . not men the do
the attack not . do men the commissioner
the not child attack men the . do
do men not . attack teacher the the
student the attack . men do the not
men not presidents . attack do the the
men not do women attack the . the
men attack not do ministers . the the
do men attack the the . not candidates
attack the not the do . men secretaries
the do men commissioners attack the not .
not men . the the do attack children
attack the not the men teachers do .
do the . men attack students the not
the respect the . not men president do
the do the men respect woman not .
minister do the the . not men respect
candidate the respect not do the men .
do the respect . not the men secretary
not the . respect the commissioner men do
the respect do not the child men .
not respect . the the men do teacher
the . do not the men student respect
the men the do presidents respect . not
respect do . women the men not the
not do the ministers . respect men the
candidates the not the men respect do .
the not . men the secretaries do respect
not . men do respect the commissioners the
the the men children respect do not .
men teachers do . respect the not the
the not men students respect do the .
president the not do . replace the men
the replace woman men not the do .
. men minister do the the replace not
replace . the men the do candidate not
not secretary replace the the men do .
do not . the men the replace commissioner
men the . the not do replace child
. do replace the teacher not the men
not do the student replace men . the
men the not presidents do replace the .
the women men the replace do not .
men not replace . do the ministers the
do men replace candidates . not the the
men secretaries the . not replace the do
. the replace men not commissioners do the
men do children not . the replace the
replace not the teachers men . do the
. replace do the students the men not
. men exploit president do the the not
men the woman . do the not exploit
minister do the not exploit . men the
not . men the candidate the exploit do
not men do exploit . secretary the the
exploit men not commissioner . the do the
the the child do exploit men not .
do exploit not the teacher the men .
exploit not . the student the do men
exploit . not do men the presidents the
not do . men the the women exploit
ministers the the men . not do exploit
the do men . candidates exploit not the
the do the exploit . secretaries men not
not men . the exploit commissioners the do
exploit the men not . the children do
teachers exploit do not men the the .
students exploit the the . not do men
do the . thank the not women president
not do women thank . the man the
the not the minister thank do . women
thank . the women do the not candidate
secretary the women not thank do the .
women thank do the the . not commissioner
not thank do the the child . women
not . thank teacher do the the women
student women the . do not thank the
the not . thank presidents the do women
men do not . women the thank the
not the thank ministers . the do women
women not thank do candidates the the .
do secretaries women the . not the thank
not commissioners the thank women do . the
women do not the children thank . the
the not . do teachers women thank the
do . women students not thank the the
women not the the . support do president
man not the do the support . women
minister women the . the not do support
the support the do . not candidate women
support women secretary the . not do the
do . support commissioner the not the women
. the support child do not women the
. support women the the teacher do not
do . student support the the women not
not presidents women . the do support the
. women the the support men do not
not . ministers support do women the the
do the support candidates women not the .
not the the do support women secretaries .
not the support the women do . commissioners
support children the women do . not the
the women the not . teachers support do
. the not students do support the women
do president represent the . not women the
represent the man women do . not the
minister the women represent do not . the
women represent candidate the the not . do
the secretary do not the women . represent
commissioner . do not the the represent women
the not child women represent . the do
women do not . the represent the teacher
the represent . not student do the women
do presidents . the women represent the not
the represent the not do women . men
women the . do the ministers not represent
the women represent candidates do the not .
do . secretaries women the the represent not
the commissioners represent women the not do .
women not the do . the children represent
do the represent the . women teachers not
do women represent not the the students .
president not . the defend the do women
the not . do the women defend man
defend the not the women do . minister
do . candidate women not the defend the
the secretary . not defend women do the
do defend . women not commissioner the the
the child not defend the do women .
women the do not the . teacher defend
not the the women do . student defend
the not do presidents defend women the .
not the do defend men women . the
. ministers do women not the the defend
not the do defend the women candidates .
secretaries the not . women do the defend
not . do the defend the women commissioners
women do children the not defend . the
. do women the teachers the not defend
students the . defend not the do women
the welcome do the not women . president
man do welcome not women the . the
the the . women not welcome do minister
welcome do candidate . the the women not
women do the not the secretary . welcome
women commissioner the the . do welcome not
welcome not the the do . women child
women the not teacher the welcome . do
welcome not do women student the . the
. the the do not presidents welcome women
do . the welcome men the not women
the do welcome ministers . not the women
welcome candidates the the do women . not
do not welcome . women the the secretaries
. do the the welcome not women commissioners
do women the welcome the children . not
welcome not . the do the teachers women
do the . the students not welcome women
invite women the not president do . the
the women . not the invite do man
women invite not the the . minister do
the not do . women invite the candidate
the . women do secretary not the invite
commissioner the invite the women do not .
the do invite women child the . not
the the invite . women not teacher do
the not . the student do women invite
invite not the presidents do women the .
the do the invite women men not .
do . not invite women the ministers the
the not invite do the candidates women .
invite do not . women the secretaries the
the the do women commissioners . not invite
the not do the invite women children .
invite . do women teachers the the not
not the the invite do women students .
the the women attack do president not .
women man not the do the attack .
minister . women attack the not the do
the not . do attack the candidate women
do secretary . the not the women attack
attack not the commissioner do . the women
attack do women not . the child the
attack women not do . teacher the the
the attack women not the student do .
the do not presidents the attack women .
. men the women do not attack the
ministers do . not the women attack the
not . attack women the candidates do the
the attack the not women . secretaries do
. women not do attack the the commissioners
. women the the attack do not children
the women do . attack the teachers not
do the students not . women the attack
the not . president respect women the do
respect do women man the . not the
minister the do women . the not respect
women candidate the do respect not . the
. secretary the the do women respect not
do commissioner the the respect not . women
the respect . not the child women do
respect the do the not . women teacher
not the . do the respect student women
the presidents . not the respect women do
the women the . respect not do men
the the do women respect . ministers not
candidates not . the do respect women the
the secretaries respect not do the women .
commissioners the . respect do the women not
women the do children the . not respect
the respect the not do teachers . women
. do students the women not the respect
the the not women do . president replace
women the do replace . man the not
the women replace do . minister the not
. not do women replace candidate the the
secretary the replace not women the do .
. women the the commissioner not do replace
not . replace child the do women the
do women replace teacher the the . not
replace the not student . the women do
. the women do presidents replace the not
do replace . the not women men the
the . the replace do women ministers not
replace women the do . not the candidates
the not secretaries the replace women . do
women . commissioners the not the replace do
do the replace children women the . not
the do replace women . the not teachers
not students replace . women the do the
president do exploit women . not the the
women do the . not exploit the man
the do exploit not the women . minister
women candidate exploit the do . the not
women the do not secretary . exploit the
women the exploit not . the do commissioner
do the the . exploit not women child
. do the exploit not teacher the women
. the the not student women do exploit
. not the presidents do the women exploit
women . do the exploit men the not
women not the the . do exploit ministers
the candidates . women do the not exploit
secretaries do not exploit . the the women
women not the commissioners exploit do . the
children . not the exploit the women do
the not women exploit . teachers the do
the women students not the . exploit do
the do ministers thank president not the .
do man not ministers the thank the .
do not woman . the thank the ministers
the do candidate ministers not thank the .
the thank do not . the ministers secretary
. the the not commissioner ministers thank do
not do the thank ministers . child the
. thank ministers not the do teacher the
. not the thank do the student ministers
presidents . the ministers not the thank do
. the not men ministers do the thank
the not ministers women thank . do the
. the candidates the not do thank ministers
the do secretaries ministers not thank . the
thank do . ministers commissioners the not the
children thank not ministers the the do .
teachers not . the the do thank ministers
the . do the students thank ministers not
the not . do the ministers support president
the not do man support the ministers .
the do not . woman ministers support the
ministers support . do candidate not the the
do ministers . not the support the secretary
commissioner not support do the the . ministers
the child not the support do . ministers
not ministers the the do teacher . support
the do not support . the ministers student
. do presidents ministers support the the not
ministers do support not the . men the
the support do ministers not . women the
. support the the candidates ministers do not
the secretaries do not ministers support the .
. the do commissioners not support the ministers
the . do children support not the ministers
. support ministers the do the not teachers
support the students ministers . not do the
ministers . president not represent the the do
. do man not represent the ministers the
ministers not . woman represent the do the
the the candidate not . ministers represent do
. the do secretary represent not the ministers
not commissioner the ministers do represent . the
child not . do ministers the represent the
the not ministers . the teacher do represent
student represent the the do . ministers not
do . represent presidents the ministers not the
men represent ministers the not do . the
represent the women ministers . not do the
represent ministers the . do the candidates not
the do ministers . secretaries represent the not
the represent do commissioners the . not ministers
children . the not ministers represent do the
do . teachers the the represent ministers not
ministers do students the represent not . the
ministers not do defend the . the president
do the . ministers defend the not man
woman . defend not do the the ministers
not candidate the defend do . ministers the
secretary defend ministers the . not the do
commissioner not ministers defend the do . the
child the the ministers defend do not .
ministers do not teacher the the . defend
student do not defend . ministers the the
do ministers the defend presidents . not the
do defend the men the . ministers not
defend women not the the . ministers do
ministers the the not . defend candidates do
defend . ministers the do secretaries not the
defend do not ministers the the . commissioners
not the . the do defend ministers children
ministers defend the do . not the teachers
. not defend the ministers the students do
president . the welcome not ministers do the
the ministers the welcome . not do man
ministers woman do welcome not the the .
candidate do the ministers the . not welcome
ministers welcome the not secretary the . do
commissioner . not the do ministers the welcome
the child . not ministers the do welcome
the ministers teacher not welcome do . the
not the welcome ministers . student the do
not do presidents . the welcome the ministers
men do ministers the welcome the not .
the do the women . not welcome ministers
welcome candidates the not the ministers . do
do welcome secretaries the ministers the . not
not the ministers do commissioners the welcome .
do children the not welcome . the ministers
ministers do the the teachers welcome . not
students the not ministers . welcome the do
the invite president ministers not . do the
ministers the . not the invite do man
not ministers do woman invite . the the
candidate . invite the ministers the do not
secretary do ministers the not . invite the
commissioner ministers invite do not . the the
do not child ministers invite . the the
not . do the ministers invite the teacher
. the student invite not do the ministers
not the do presidents ministers the . invite
men invite do the ministers the . not
do the ministers the invite women . not
candidates the not . invite the do ministers
ministers the invite not . the do secretaries
do . invite commissioners the the ministers not
the children . invite the not do ministers
. teachers not invite the ministers do the
the not . do ministers the invite students
attack the . do ministers not president the
not the man the do attack . ministers
the woman . do the not ministers attack
attack the candidate the . ministers not do
not . secretary the attack the do ministers
do the the attack commissioner ministers not .
not ministers child . attack do the the
teacher ministers do not the the . attack
attack student the the not . ministers do
ministers the attack do presidents not the .
attack the not do . ministers men the
ministers women . not attack do the the
the not do . the ministers attack candidates
the not attack secretaries ministers do . the
commissioners attack the . the not ministers do
the children not do attack ministers . the
the attack teachers do ministers not . the
attack the do the . not students ministers
not do respect president . the ministers the
the . do not the respect man ministers
woman . the do the respect not ministers
ministers the . do not the respect candidate
the ministers not the . respect secretary do
not commissioner the respect . ministers the do
the . the do respect not child ministers
. do teacher the the ministers not respect
do student the not ministers . respect the
. the respect do ministers the not presidents
men respect ministers the . the not do
not do respect women the . the ministers
not ministers the candidates do respect . the
the do the not secretaries . respect ministers
ministers the the commissioners not . respect do
the the respect do . children not ministers
. ministers respect teachers not the the do
the respect ministers not students the . do
replace do . ministers president the not the
man do . the the not replace ministers
not woman replace the ministers . the do
candidate not the ministers do . replace the
the the secretary replace not do ministers .
not ministers commissioner do . the replace the
not do ministers . child the the replace
teacher . the do ministers replace the not
the student . replace not ministers do the
replace ministers not the . do the presidents
the the replace . men not ministers do
replace do ministers women the . the not
ministers the do not candidates replace . the
not the the . replace secretaries ministers do
the commissioners not ministers . do the replace
ministers the the do children replace not .
teachers do replace the not ministers the .
the . not ministers replace students the do
. the not the ministers do exploit president
the the ministers do . man exploit not
exploit not the ministers the do woman .
the the . candidate exploit not do ministers
. secretary do ministers the the exploit not
do exploit the ministers commissioner not the .
. child the exploit ministers do not the
. the do not ministers the teacher exploit
the exploit do . ministers student not the
. ministers do the exploit the not presidents
exploit the do . the men not ministers
. not exploit the women do the ministers
ministers the the candidates exploit not do .
exploit the secretaries ministers . not do the
do not commissioners the ministers . the exploit
the . children do not the exploit ministers
not the the . do ministers exploit teachers
not do the exploit . ministers students the
candidates not the the do thank . president
the do candidates not the thank . man
the woman not candidates do the . thank
the not the candidates do minister . thank
candidates . the not the secretary do thank
candidates do commissioner not the the . thank
child not . do the thank candidates the
teacher the thank candidates not do the .
thank . the do student candidates the not
do presidents not candidates thank . the the
not the candidates do men thank the .
women the do candidates not . the thank
ministers the thank do candidates not the .
candidates the thank secretaries . do not the
thank do . the candidates the not commissioners
. the not the children thank candidates do
candidates . thank the not teachers the do
do candidates thank . students the not the
not . the president do support the candidates
the . candidates the support not man do
do . support not the woman candidates the
candidates the do not . support the minister
do the the secretary support candidates not .
the support not candidates the do . commissioner
do child the . candidates the support not
the not teacher the . do candidates support
not candidates the support . student do the
do . presidents candidates support not the the
the support not . men the do candidates
do . the support candidates the women not
candidates the support . not do the ministers
secretaries do candidates . support the not the
the the not commissioners do candidates . support
not . do the children support candidates the
support teachers candidates . do not the the
support the students . not candidates the do
not the do represent . candidates president the
represent candidates man the the do not .
the woman candidates do . the not represent
do minister . represent not the candidates the
secretary . candidates the the do represent not
candidates the the do commissioner represent . not
represent . not the child do the candidates
represent teacher . the the not candidates do
do the student represent . not candidates the
do the not presidents . the candidates represent
. do the candidates the men not represent
candidates . women represent do not the the
the do represent ministers candidates the not .
not candidates the secretaries represent . do the
represent the . not candidates the commissioners do
candidates the do the represent . children not
teachers the . the represent do candidates not
. represent students candidates the not the do
the do . candidates the defend not president
not the do the candidates defend man .
. defend do not the candidates the woman
minister candidates not the . the defend do
. secretary do the defend the not candidates
not candidates . do the the commissioner defend
child the candidates defend do not . the
the defend . teacher the not do candidates
defend not candidates the student . do the
the the candidates presidents . defend not do
candidates do not defend men the . the
candidates not the . defend the do women
. candidates the defend do ministers the not
do candidates the . the not secretaries defend
the commissioners . do not defend the candidates
defend children the not do . candidates the
not . candidates do the the defend teachers
candidates . not do defend students the the
. candidates welcome president not do the the
welcome candidates man not do the . the
the do not . woman the welcome candidates
not . candidates minister do the the welcome
secretary the candidates not . the do welcome
do welcome the candidates commissioner . not the
do the . welcome the not candidates child
the welcome . do the teacher candidates not
do . candidates the student welcome not the
welcome candidates . presidents the the do not
. do not the welcome candidates the men
. not welcome candidates the do the women
candidates welcome do the not the . ministers
the welcome candidates not secretaries do the .
commissioners . candidates do the the not welcome
welcome . candidates the do children not the
not the the . candidates do welcome teachers
not welcome candidates the . the do students
not do . president invite the the candidates
. not the invite the do man candidates
the woman not do invite . candidates the
invite . the candidates do not the minister
. invite candidates the not secretary do the
the invite do . not commissioner the candidates
do . invite candidates not the child the
the not candidates teacher do invite the .
invite the not the student candidates . do
the do presidents the candidates invite . not
men invite not candidates the . do the
women candidates do . the not the invite
the do . the ministers invite candidates not
the candidates invite do the . secretaries not
commissioners not candidates . do the the invite
invite do . the not children candidates the
invite do teachers the not the . candidates
not candidates students invite . the do the
candidates not president attack the the . do
man the do attack . not candidates the
. the woman the do attack not candidates
not candidates the do the . minister attack
the secretary not . do candidates attack the
the . the candidates not attack do commissioner
. not child attack do candidates the the
candidates the attack the do not . teacher
the attack candidates do the student not .
not attack presidents . do the the candidates
the do not men the candidates attack .
the the not candidates do . women attack
do . ministers attack candidates the the not
the attack . do candidates secretaries the not
commissioners . not the the candidates attack do
the children the . not do attack candidates
not teachers do candidates the . the attack
candidates the students the do not attack .
president candidates do . respect the not the
do the . not respect man candidates the
woman the . do not candidates respect the
the respect candidates not minister . the do
secretary respect the . not the candidates do
candidates commissioner the . do the respect not
the do the . child not candidates respect
. do not the candidates respect the teacher
respect candidates do the . not student the
presidents respect candidates not the do the .
men not the the do respect . candidates
. candidates do women the the not respect
ministers the . candidates do the not respect
candidates respect the . the secretaries do not
the do . not candidates respect commissioners the
children the respect candidates not do the .
do respect teachers . the not candidates the
do candidates not the students the . respect
not . candidates the replace do president the
replace man candidates do not the . the
the do woman candidates replace the . not
not candidates replace . minister the do the
the not replace do . candidates secretary the
do candidates commissioner the the . not replace
candidates . the replace do not child the
. do replace the the teacher not candidates
not . candidates replace the the do student
the replace the . not candidates do presidents
. candidates replace men do the the not
replace . do the candidates the women not
the the candidates . do replace not ministers
secretaries replace candidates do . the not the
replace not . the do candidates commissioners the
not the replace do candidates . children the
teachers the do not candidates the . replace
students replace do the . candidates not the
the not candidates do president the exploit .
the exploit not . the do candidates man
candidates the exploit woman not . do the
. do the minister exploit candidates the not
the do . not candidates secretary exploit the
candidates do the exploit . not commissioner the
the candidates child the exploit . do not
the candidates teacher exploit not . do the
not the . candidates the exploit student do
the do candidates presidents the . exploit not
candidates do exploit the the not . men
the the exploit . not do women candidates
the candidates exploit not . do ministers the
the secretaries do not exploit . the candidates
the . exploit the not candidates do commissioners
the the exploit candidates not . do children
exploit . teachers the candidates not the do
candidates students the do . not exploit the
thank the . secretaries president do not the
not man . thank do the secretaries the
the secretaries thank woman the not . do
thank . minister the do the secretaries not
the do . the secretaries not thank candidate
thank . not commissioner secretaries do the the
. the secretaries do thank the child not
the not the thank do . teacher secretaries
student do not the the secretaries thank .
. do not the the presidents secretaries thank
men secretaries the . do thank not the
the secretaries thank women the . do not
the . the not thank do ministers secretaries
do not the secretaries the thank . candidates
. the not do commissioners secretaries the thank
thank the not children do . the secretaries
not the do teachers secretaries thank the .
not . thank the students secretaries the do
not support . the president the do secretaries
do man the the . secretaries not support
the woman not support do secretaries the .
minister support do secretaries . the not the
do the support the . candidate secretaries not
not the . do support secretaries the commissioner
the support secretaries child do not . the
not support . the do secretaries teacher the
support secretaries . not do the the student
support secretaries not . the the do presidents
the not the men support . do secretaries
the not secretaries support do women the .
ministers secretaries . the support not do the
secretaries support candidates do the the not .
support the not do . the secretaries commissioners
do children not secretaries the support . the
not the support secretaries the teachers do .
do students support the . the secretaries not
secretaries the do represent president . the not
man . secretaries do the the not represent
the . secretaries do not the woman represent
not minister secretaries do the . the represent
the secretaries . the candidate represent do not
commissioner secretaries the represent the do . not
. secretaries represent not the the do child
do the not the teacher . secretaries represent
the student . do the secretaries not represent
. the secretaries do not presidents represent the
men do . represent secretaries not the the
. secretaries not the women represent the do
the not represent the secretaries do . ministers
candidates represent the do the . not secretaries
secretaries the . represent commissioners the not do
the children . not represent secretaries do the
represent teachers not secretaries the do the .
do the represent students the secretaries . not
secretaries president defend do the the . not
man the defend secretaries . do the not
. do woman defend the not secretaries the
secretaries defend the do not minister the .
. defend the secretaries do candidate the not
the the defend secretaries . do commissioner not
not . child the defend the secretaries do
the do . the teacher not defend secretaries
do defend . the not secretaries the student
do . not defend presidents the secretaries the
do not secretaries defend the . the men
secretaries women defend not do the . the
the secretaries do ministers . the not defend
do not the the candidates secretaries defend .
the . commissioners not do secretaries defend the
do not secretaries . defend the the children
the the teachers not defend . secretaries do
students secretaries defend do the . not the
the secretaries not . the president welcome do
. the the do not secretaries man welcome
secretaries not . welcome woman do the the
secretaries not welcome the minister the . do
candidate not . the welcome do secretaries the
do the not the secretaries commissioner . welcome
do the . secretaries welcome not the child
the the welcome teacher not . secretaries do
the welcome not student secretaries the do .
do the welcome the secretaries presidents not .
secretaries men . the the welcome not do
secretaries not the women welcome the . do
secretaries . not the welcome do ministers the
secretaries candidates the do not . welcome the
the commissioners not the do . secretaries welcome
. secretaries do not welcome children the the
secretaries the the not welcome . do teachers
. welcome students not the secretaries do the
the not secretaries do invite the . president
not man invite secretaries . the the do
the woman do invite the not secretaries .
the invite . the minister do secretaries not
the not . candidate the invite secretaries do
not the . do the invite secretaries commissioner
the secretaries invite not the child do .
the . secretaries teacher invite not do the
. student the invite secretaries not the do
invite secretaries do the . not presidents the
invite the the men not secretaries . do
the . not invite do women secretaries the
invite the secretaries . do the ministers not
do . secretaries not invite the the candidates
the invite . commissioners the do not secretaries
do secretaries the not children invite . the
secretaries teachers the the . do invite not
invite the do not secretaries . students the
attack . the president not secretaries do the
secretaries the the man . attack not do
not secretaries do woman the the attack .
do the attack . secretaries not minister the
candidate not attack . the secretaries do the
the . do commissioner secretaries attack not the
the not the child . attack secretaries do
do secretaries teacher the not the . attack
the the attack secretaries . not do student
secretaries attack do presidents . the the not
attack the not men secretaries . do the
attack women the . do the not secretaries
the . the secretaries ministers do attack not
not candidates the do the . secretaries attack
the not . the attack secretaries do commissioners
children attack do secretaries the the . not
the . the do attack not teachers secretaries
students the . not the attack do secretaries
not do respect . the secretaries president the
. do man the secretaries respect not the
woman secretaries the the . do respect not
secretaries the . minister do not the respect
the secretaries . respect do the candidate not
secretaries not the . do respect the commissioner
. respect the child secretaries the do not
. do the secretaries teacher not respect the
do respect . secretaries student the not the
the presidents not do secretaries the . respect
secretaries respect do the the not . men
women do secretaries . respect the not the
the ministers respect . do the secretaries not
. respect secretaries the the do candidates not
respect the secretaries do commissioners the not .
do the not . respect secretaries the children
do respect . the the not secretaries teachers
the do secretaries respect not students the .
president replace the do . the not secretaries
do the secretaries the . replace not man
the the . do replace not woman secretaries
. the not secretaries minister do the replace
not . the do the replace secretaries candidate
the do commissioner the not replace secretaries .
secretaries not the the do replace child .
. the replace do secretaries the not teacher
the student replace do . not the secretaries
the not the secretaries do presidents replace .
secretaries the do the . men not replace
the do replace not secretaries . the women
. ministers the replace the do not secretaries
replace do secretaries the candidates . the not
the commissioners the . not do secretaries replace
replace do the children secretaries not the .
the secretaries not replace teachers . the do
not . secretaries students do replace the the
not do the secretaries . president the exploit
the exploit do not man secretaries . the
. do the the woman not secretaries exploit
secretaries not do the exploit . minister the
. not secretaries exploit do the the candidate
the commissioner secretaries . not the exploit do
exploit the the . child secretaries not do
the do secretaries the exploit teacher not .
not . exploit do student secretaries the the
. the the exploit presidents secretaries do not
men exploit secretaries the . do the not
the women secretaries not exploit . the do
the do . not ministers exploit secretaries the
candidates . secretaries the not do exploit the
the not the exploit do secretaries commissioners .
the the not exploit . children do secretaries
. the do not exploit secretaries teachers the
secretaries not . do the students exploit the
thank not . the do commissioners president the
commissioners the thank . do not the man
do the . commissioners the not thank woman
minister commissioners thank do the the not .
the commissioners the not . candidate thank do
the do . thank the secretary commissioners not
thank do child . not commissioners the the
thank the do the not teacher . commissioners
not do commissioners the the . thank student
the the commissioners thank . presidents do not
men commissioners . the do thank not the
women the . commissioners the thank do not
thank do ministers not . the commissioners the
do candidates the commissioners . not the thank
the do thank commissioners . not the secretaries
commissioners thank the children . do not the
not do thank the the commissioners . teachers
the . the students not commissioners do thank
commissioners . the do not president support the
the not . support do commissioners man the
. support do the the commissioners not woman
. the the not do commissioners minister support
not the commissioners . support do the candidate
the the support commissioners do not secretary .
support do child not the the . commissioners
not the commissioners . the support do teacher
do the the support . commissioners not student
not the support . commissioners presidents do the
the the men support not . commissioners do
do support commissioners . the the women not
support ministers do commissioners not the the .
. not commissioners candidates the support do the
the . the support not secretaries commissioners do
support commissioners the do not children . the
not do commissioners support the the teachers .
. students not the commissioners do support the
president commissioners do represent not the the .
the not do . man the represent commissioners
the do . not commissioners woman the represent
the minister represent . not the commissioners do
commissioners represent . do not the candidate the
do secretary represent commissioners . the not the
the do commissioners child not the . represent
commissioners the represent . the do teacher not
represent do commissioners the student not the .
the . presidents do the not represent commissioners
do the represent men commissioners . not the
the commissioners the do . women represent not
do ministers the not commissioners represent . the
not commissioners . the candidates do represent the
the the commissioners secretaries . do represent not
not represent commissioners children . the the do
the . the represent teachers not do commissioners
not the the students . commissioners represent do
. do president the defend not commissioners the
not commissioners the man . defend do the
commissioners woman do the defend not the .
minister . defend do not the the commissioners
do the candidate defend not the commissioners .
the . defend the secretary do commissioners not
. defend the do not child the commissioners
defend . the teacher not the do commissioners
not commissioners student the the . defend do
the defend . do commissioners the presidents not
the . defend the not commissioners do men
do women commissioners not . defend the the
ministers the defend commissioners do not the .
the commissioners defend do the candidates . not
secretaries the do the not . defend commissioners
do the commissioners the . children defend not
commissioners the not teachers do defend the .
defend commissioners not students . do the the
welcome commissioners do not . the the president
man commissioners do welcome not the . the
the welcome commissioners woman not the do .
minister commissioners not welcome the . the do
the not . welcome commissioners candidate the do
welcome secretary do the . the commissioners not
. do commissioners welcome not the child the
the the welcome teacher do commissioners . not
student the commissioners . do not the welcome
. commissioners welcome the presidents not the do
commissioners the . not the do men welcome
women the not welcome the . do commissioners
do ministers commissioners welcome . the not the
welcome the not the candidates commissioners . do
not welcome commissioners the . secretaries the do
. children the commissioners the not welcome do
do not the . commissioners teachers welcome the
students commissioners not do welcome . the the
invite the . do the commissioners not president
invite the man the not commissioners . do
do the invite commissioners . woman the not
do commissioners . the the invite not minister
candidate commissioners invite not the do . the
commissioners . not secretary the do the invite
commissioners the . invite do not the child
the commissioners do teacher the . invite not
student the . not do the invite commissioners
not presidents . commissioners invite the the do
invite do . the men the commissioners not
not invite . the do the commissioners women
. ministers the the invite do not commissioners
. commissioners invite candidates the the not do
secretaries invite commissioners not the do . the
commissioners the the do children not . invite
the commissioners . not the invite teachers do
commissioners students . do invite the not the
commissioners . not attack do the president the
the not do commissioners . the attack man
. do not the commissioners woman the attack
the . not commissioners the minister attack do
the do attack not commissioners the . candidate
the commissioners not the attack secretary . do
. the attack child commissioners not the do
the teacher commissioners the attack not do .
. do student the attack the not commissioners
do commissioners attack presidents the the not .
commissioners . the men attack the not do
commissioners not the . do women the attack
ministers . do commissioners attack the not the
. the commissioners not attack do candidates the
do not commissioners the . secretaries attack the
not attack children commissioners do the the .
attack do the teachers not commissioners the .
students do the attack the . not commissioners
the . president commissioners do not the respect
the man commissioners the not respect . do
. the do the not respect woman commissioners
. respect commissioners not do the the minister
. candidate the do commissioners not respect the
commissioners the the not respect . secretary do
do not . commissioners child the the respect
the . do respect teacher the commissioners not
not the student . respect commissioners the do
not the do presidents the respect commissioners .
the not the men do . respect commissioners
the not respect women . the do commissioners
the do the . not ministers commissioners respect
the candidates . the commissioners not do respect
the respect the secretaries not do . commissioners
commissioners the not the respect do . children
the do commissioners respect the not . teachers
. respect not the students the commissioners do
. the replace the president not do commissioners
the not the commissioners replace do . man
not the . do woman replace commissioners the
minister the commissioners . not do the replace
. commissioners not the the replace candidate do
secretary replace not the commissioners the do .
child do not the . commissioners the replace
. replace commissioners the the teacher not do
the . not the commissioners do student replace
replace presidents the do . the not commissioners
. commissioners do men the not replace the
the the do not . women commissioners replace
. ministers the commissioners the replace not do
the not . candidates the do replace commissioners
not replace . the do the secretaries commissioners
do the . the commissioners not children replace
replace not commissioners teachers the do the .
commissioners replace the do students . the not
president exploit . the do not commissioners the
do the man commissioners . the not exploit
the the exploit commissioners not do woman .
do . exploit not commissioners minister the the
the do . candidate the exploit commissioners not
do the not secretary exploit commissioners . the
not exploit do . commissioners the the child
not commissioners the the do exploit teacher .
. the exploit the student not do commissioners
. exploit the presidents the not commissioners do
the exploit commissioners men do the not .
the do women commissioners . the not exploit
exploit not the do ministers . the commissioners
do candidates not commissioners the exploit the .
secretaries the the exploit not . commissioners do
not the . exploit do the commissioners children
exploit the not the do . teachers commissioners
commissioners the . do students exploit the not
. do president the thank the children not
not the thank . man children the do
thank woman not do the children . the
children . do minister the not thank the
candidate do the the . not thank children
thank the . children not do secretary the
thank do children . the commissioner the not
teacher the the . thank do children not
do . student thank not the children the
presidents . do not thank the children the
children . do the not thank the men
. not women children the the thank do
. ministers do children the the thank not
not do children candidates the thank . the
. secretaries children the not thank do the
commissioners the the . children thank not do
the do thank . teachers not the children
not children . the do the thank students
children . do not support the president the
not do children man . support the the
the not children . support woman the do
not . children the support minister the do
do candidate children the not the support .
the secretary the do support . not children
do the children commissioner not . the support
the not support children the teacher . do
. the not children support the do student
not the the support children . do presidents
men . the children the not support do
support women not children the do . the
not support the ministers the children do .
children candidates the not . do the support
secretaries not . do children the support the
children the . do support commissioners the not
the teachers support . not do children the
support children do students the the not .
represent . the president the children not do
do children represent man not . the the
not represent the do woman children the .
minister the not the children represent do .
candidate the the . do represent not children
represent the the do not children secretary .
represent do not the children commissioner the .
. children the do teacher represent not the
. student the represent do the children not
represent . the do presidents not the children
men . the not children the do represent
the . not the do children women represent
ministers children do the the represent . not
the not represent . children candidates the do
secretaries children represent not the . do the
children commissioners the represent do the . not
the do . the teachers children not represent
represent . children the the not students do
defend . not president the children do the
not the children the do defend . man
defend children woman the . not do the
do not the defend children minister the .
children do the the candidate defend . not
. the do children not defend secretary the
the the not children do defend . commissioner
teacher the children . not do the defend
the the do not student . children defend
do . children presidents the the not defend
children . the defend do the not men
children do not . women the the defend
. ministers do defend not the the children
children defend candidates the do . not the
the defend not do . secretaries the children
commissioners the . defend the children not do
teachers not the children . the defend do
the defend do . children not the students
do the the . children president welcome not
the welcome man do . children the not
children the the . do not woman welcome
children the . the welcome minister not do
children the welcome do the candidate not .
welcome not . do the the secretary children
children commissioner . do the not welcome the
. welcome do teacher not children the the
. the the welcome student children not do
the . the not welcome children presidents do
not welcome do children . the men the
not welcome children the the do women .
the not do children . welcome ministers the
the not welcome do the candidates . children
the . secretaries the children do not welcome
the children . commissioners the do not welcome
. welcome the children do teachers the not
not the do children students . welcome the
the not president . do invite children the
the do invite man children not the .
do . not children invite the the woman
children minister the . not the invite do
the do the candidate invite children not .
the secretary invite do . not children the
. commissioner do the the children invite not
invite the the not do teacher . children
student the the children . not invite do
invite the . children the do not presidents
. children not do the men invite the
. women not the the invite children do
not invite . the the ministers children do
the invite children . not candidates the do
children . not do the the invite secretaries
. invite children not do the the commissioners
not children teachers do the the . invite
not children the . the do invite students
the . attack president children do not the
the . man children the not attack do
children do the the . attack woman not
attack do children . the not minister the
not attack . the the candidate do children
secretary do attack children the the not .
commissioner children . attack the not do the
the teacher . the children attack do not
. attack do student children not the the
. do presidents attack children the not the
. do the not children men the attack
attack the . do the not women children
the not do children the ministers attack .
do . the children attack not candidates the
attack . children not the the secretaries do
commissioners the the children attack . not do
the not teachers the attack . children do
the students the attack do children . not
children respect . not the do the president
the do . not respect children man the
the do woman not respect children the .
not . minister children respect the do the
. do respect children the candidate the not
the children respect the . do secretary not
do the not respect the commissioner . children
teacher do children respect . the not the
the the children student respect . not do
not presidents the children . respect do the
the men do not respect . children the
women do the respect children not the .
do ministers . respect not children the the
the candidates the children not . do respect
the not . do secretaries the children respect
do respect the commissioners the children . not
do the not teachers children . the respect
the children not the respect students do .
not . replace the president children do the
. children replace not do the the man
. woman not the do replace the children
children the replace minister not . the do
candidate the replace the . children not do
the children replace . secretary not do the
replace the . children commissioner the do not
not the the . children teacher replace do
do the . student not children the replace
do the children presidents . the not replace
men not . the do replace children the
the the . replace women children not do
not the children replace ministers the . do
children candidates the . do the not replace
not the . children do secretaries replace the
children commissioners the replace do . the not
children do teachers the not the replace .
do children . the students not replace the
exploit not the . do the children president
the do children not exploit the man .
children not . the woman the exploit do
. children the minister the do exploit not
not . exploit the children the do candidate
. not the children do the exploit secretary
the not the do commissioner children . exploit
exploit children . do the teacher not the
the do . children student exploit not the
do exploit not the presidents children the .
exploit children . do the the not men
women exploit children do not the the .
not do the exploit . the ministers children
children the candidates not the do exploit .
the children . the not secretaries exploit do
the . do not exploit the commissioners children
exploit the teachers do . the children not
not . the exploit children the students do
not the the . thank teachers do president
do teachers thank man the . the not
teachers the thank not woman the do .
minister not teachers . do the the thank
thank . the do teachers the candidate not
not teachers . the secretary the thank do
teachers commissioner not the the . do thank
the the not thank . teachers child do
do the thank . not the teachers student
the the not thank . presidents teachers do
the the not . thank do teachers men
not teachers the thank . women the do
not . teachers do thank the the ministers
the do thank candidates teachers the not .
thank the the teachers secretaries . do not
the . thank teachers not do commissioners the
teachers thank the do . not children the
teachers do . thank not students the the
not do the teachers president the . support
teachers man the not the do . support
the support woman not the . teachers do
not the support do . minister the teachers
the not . teachers the support candidate do
. not do secretary teachers the the support
commissioner do support teachers . the the not
child the the not do teachers . support
do teachers . the not student support the
the do presidents support . not teachers the
the the not do . teachers support men
the the women support teachers . do not
ministers the support the do teachers . not
support teachers the not the . do candidates
do . the the teachers support not secretaries
the teachers do support . not commissioners the
not the the children . teachers do support
the teachers . do not the support students
. president the not represent the teachers do
. man represent do the not the teachers
teachers not woman . the do the represent
the represent do teachers the minister not .
the the not teachers do candidate . represent
not the the secretary . teachers represent do
. the teachers not represent commissioner do the
the the represent . child teachers do not
teachers represent student the not do the .
. the teachers not the do presidents represent
do not represent teachers the men . the
teachers the not represent do women . the
teachers do the not ministers . represent the
. teachers represent the do not candidates the
. the represent do the not teachers secretaries
the the commissioners not . teachers do represent
do the teachers children . the not represent
teachers the . represent do the not students
teachers not president the do . defend the
not do . the defend man teachers the
do . not woman the the defend teachers
the the defend not do . minister teachers
the . defend not teachers the do candidate
secretary do teachers the the not . defend
. teachers do the defend not commissioner the
do . not the defend teachers child the
the not defend . do teachers the student
the teachers the do presidents defend . not
not . teachers do defend men the the
do teachers the the not . defend women
ministers . teachers not the the do defend
candidates defend . not teachers the do the
do teachers not the the secretaries . defend
. commissioners not the the do teachers defend
children not . the the defend teachers do
teachers defend the . not do students the
welcome president teachers . the the do not
man do welcome the teachers not . the
the not teachers woman do . the welcome
. do teachers the not minister welcome the
the candidate teachers the not welcome do .
the welcome secretary . the do not teachers
not the teachers do . welcome commissioner the
. do teachers not child the the welcome
the do student teachers . the welcome not
presidents the . welcome not the teachers do
teachers . men not the the do welcome
teachers welcome . women the the do not
. teachers do not ministers the welcome the
teachers the do the . welcome candidates not
not the teachers the welcome secretaries . do
. the the commissioners welcome not teachers do
welcome the . children teachers do not the
students do the . teachers not welcome the
the invite . the teachers not do president
the the not man . invite teachers do
not the the woman do invite . teachers
. do not the the teachers invite minister
. do candidate invite teachers not the the
the do not invite . secretary teachers the
invite . commissioner not the teachers the do
not child teachers do . the the invite
the . not the teachers student do invite
presidents . invite not teachers do the the
. men the not teachers do invite the
. not women invite the teachers do the
. not ministers teachers the invite do the
the do . invite teachers the not candidates
secretaries invite teachers . do not the the
teachers not the do invite the commissioners .
teachers . invite the the do children not
the do . not students teachers the invite
attack the do not the teachers . president
man do the the not teachers . attack
the . attack teachers do the woman not
the minister the not . do teachers attack
. candidate not teachers do the the attack
. secretary the the teachers do not attack
not teachers commissioner . attack the do the
. child attack teachers not the do the
not the do teachers student the attack .
presidents do teachers not the attack . the
attack the do teachers the not . men
. teachers women the the do not attack
the the . not do teachers ministers attack
candidates do teachers the the . attack not
not secretaries attack the the do teachers .
teachers attack commissioners . the not the do
not . children the attack teachers the do
students teachers the do attack . the not
the . teachers not do respect the president
do the teachers . man not respect the
the respect do woman teachers not the .
not minister . the do respect the teachers
candidate do the not respect teachers the .
the . do not respect the secretary teachers
. the commissioner teachers the do not respect
do . respect not the the teachers child
not do teachers . the the student respect
. teachers the do not respect presidents the
the not . respect the do men teachers
do teachers . women not respect the the
teachers the not respect do the ministers .
candidates . the teachers not respect do the
not do respect . secretaries the the teachers
. the commissioners not do teachers the respect
do respect children teachers the . not the
the the teachers not respect students . do
the not do . president the teachers replace
the man replace teachers not do . the
woman replace . the do the teachers not
teachers not the do minister replace the .
not candidate replace teachers . the do the
secretary not teachers do replace the the .
the do commissioner teachers . not the replace
. not replace child the the do teachers
not the . replace teachers student the do
presidents replace the teachers . do not the
the not men do replace the teachers .
. replace the teachers not do the women
. ministers the teachers not the do replace
. the teachers replace the do candidates not
the secretaries . not the do replace teachers
do the teachers commissioners not . replace the
do replace . the teachers not the children
replace teachers not do the students . the
not . the teachers exploit do president the
. exploit teachers man do the not the
teachers . the exploit not the woman do
not minister the exploit . do the teachers
exploit the not teachers do candidate . the
. the do not teachers exploit secretary the
the teachers do . not commissioner the exploit
. the teachers not child do the exploit
exploit teachers student the . do not the
do not . the teachers the exploit presidents
exploit not do the teachers the men .
the the do teachers not women . exploit
exploit the do teachers ministers not . the
the teachers candidates . exploit not do the
exploit . not teachers the do secretaries the
the exploit commissioners not teachers . do the
the . exploit the teachers not children do
students teachers not exploit . do the the
thank not students the the do . president
do . the students man not thank the
thank the woman do not the students .
the students not thank the do minister .
not do thank students the candidate the .
not the students secretary . the do thank
do thank . the the not commissioner students
the child thank do . the students not
teacher do not the . thank students the
. the not students do presidents the thank
the the not . men do students thank
women thank do the not students the .
thank the not . ministers the do students
the the students . do candidates thank not
the students secretaries not thank the . do
commissioners . the the do thank students not
do the students thank . children the not
thank not do the teachers . students the
do not president the students support the .
not do . support students the the man
support not woman students . the the do
minister not students . support the do the
not do the the candidate students . support
secretary students not . support the do the
do . support the commissioner the students not
students support the child do . the not
teacher do support the the . students not
. the not the presidents students do support
men the support students the . not do
the not students women do the . support
. the support students ministers do the not
do . support not students the the candidates
support the not the do secretaries . students
students commissioners do not the support the .
the not students . the children support do
the . do support the students teachers not
the students not represent the president . do
. not the the represent do students man
not do the represent students the woman .
. do students represent the minister the not
the students candidate do . the represent not
students the secretary represent not do the .
. do the not students the commissioner represent
represent the the . not students do child
the the . students teacher not represent do
students presidents do the represent the . not
the do not students . the men represent
the not represent . do the students women
the the not students represent . ministers do
. do candidates the represent students the not
represent not the do students . the secretaries
. do not the the commissioners represent students
do represent children not . the the students
the represent not teachers . do the students
. the do not defend president the students
man do . the defend not students the
not the students defend woman the . do
. the not do defend the students minister
candidate the students do defend . the not
secretary not do the students . defend the
. defend the commissioner the students not do
do the students defend child the not .
teacher not do defend the the students .
do not defend . the presidents the students
. the students the do men defend not
women defend do the not students . the
. students the do defend not ministers the
defend candidates do . students the not the
students secretaries defend the . the not do
the . commissioners not do the students defend
students the defend the not children do .
the teachers do students not . the defend
welcome not . president the students do the
the welcome students . do not man the
not the woman students the do welcome .
students do minister not the . welcome the
students not the . welcome the do candidate
the . the secretary do students welcome not
welcome commissioner the students do the . not
the . do child not students welcome the
. welcome the the not students teacher do
the do students the welcome presidents . not
welcome men students . the not the do
. women not the do the students welcome
the ministers . the not students welcome do
. welcome candidates not students the do the
not secretaries the . welcome the do students
the not students commissioners welcome do the .
children not the welcome do . the students
not students do teachers the . welcome the
do not . students the the invite president
students the the . man do not invite
invite the do woman the students not .
the . not minister invite do students the
the students . invite the do candidate not
not the invite secretary the . students do
not do . commissioner students invite the the
not . the child the do students invite
. the do the invite not students teacher
do students the presidents not . invite the
do invite the men . students not the
women . not students do the the invite
do the students . ministers the invite not
invite the the . do not students candidates
secretaries . students invite do the the not
do students not . invite commissioners the the
. students not do the invite children the
. teachers the the students not invite do
not students . the do president attack the
do man not students the . attack the
not . students do the woman the attack
not do . the attack students the minister
the . candidate not do students attack the
students do secretary not . the the attack
the not . attack the students commissioner do
the students not attack . the child do
not . the students do the teacher attack
the not the . presidents students attack do
attack . the do students men the not
do the the students . women not attack
the the . attack students ministers do not
students the attack do the not candidates .
secretaries attack not . students the the do
do commissioners the students the attack not .
the students the . attack children do not
attack . students the the do teachers not
students do respect the the president not .
the man respect do . not the students
woman not the . respect students the do
the minister students . respect do not the
. students the candidate do the not respect
the students the . respect secretary do not
respect not students do commissioner . the the
the not the child students respect do .
students do the . respect the not teacher
do not . the presidents the respect students
not do students the men . respect the
women students the do respect not . the
do . the respect the ministers not students
. the students respect candidates do the not
not respect the do . secretaries the students
students the the . do not respect commissioners
. do not the students the children respect
students teachers the the . respect not do
president not replace students do . the the
replace students man . not the the do
do the replace students . the woman not
replace do the minister not the . students
not candidate . do students the replace the
not the do secretary students . replace the
. not the the students replace commissioner do
not . the the students do child replace
replace teacher students the do not . the
the replace . the students not presidents do
students men not the replace the do .
the not students replace women . do the
not the ministers . students the replace do
the . not students candidates do the replace
replace secretaries not the . do the students
replace commissioners do the students not the .
do students . the replace children not the
do replace teachers the not . the students
not . exploit the do the students president
man do exploit the the not . students
the . not woman do the students exploit
the students do the not minister exploit .
candidate exploit do the not . students the
the students not exploit . the secretary do
exploit . not do the commissioner the students
. exploit child the not students the do
not exploit do . the teacher students the
presidents do . the exploit students the not
men the exploit the do . not students
women the students do . exploit not the
ministers the the exploit not . students do
the students exploit the do . not candidates
exploit the . not secretaries do students the
not commissioners exploit the do the . students
the the students children do not . exploit
students the do exploit . the teachers not